@Luoda havent tried making robo waifu, planning to do so. i got most the concept junk down jus need the info bits tech an money fer resources to actually build it but yes i know how to build what it is i want. programing tho like i know the basic logic guide i want to use to make it all work but yea im no coder not yet anyway so ill need to get some help there most likely but that aside yee if i had bout 4-12 grand excess rn i could have it built withing 6-18 months.
@Soup the fanfiction darth brando dude is in fact not me. that is a diff person. but yee yall did find my dead reddit acount that i used for all of 3 months.

i felt junk was insanely stupid cuz you could only comment or post once every 15 minutes back then when they first ibtroduced the karma bs.

buy yee once i can get muh car n trailer i also got an office depot box of 50,000 sheets of copy paper to print out my h mangas an hentai pics

wholy jebus why cant men jus casually eat cum mfw wut DA FUK do u think a BJ does jfc stop perpetuating norm only fems n subs can eat cum an hey wut bout girls an subs use of dildo from ass to mouth or vag to mouth on literally every one who masturbates with one regarding lunricating it jfc thats "normal" but eating cum isnt? with ass to mouth ur literally putting ecoli an fecal residue in ur fucking mouth deepthroat style

@AnotherNerdyGone transes lol i needs transes precious, transes i wants i needs, transes is comfy precious, uwu OWO OWO OWO transes is me precious they took me precious, stupid hobbitses

an ex army active duty grenadier trained in demolitions, improvised munitions an explosives AND power infrastructure assembly n managenent yee if i publicky went openly fash ild be assassinated as a legitimite top nat security threat

not use of non consent by me upon others tho i have kinda jedi mind tricked ppl into bed before but thats different. manufactured consent is still consent

well ya really dnt wanna go teh "who decides mental illness" route folks.
>who invented psychological analysis through interview?
>what nation has the most PHDs per capita?
>what 2 religions do every pharmaceutical company CEO practice? 
ect....

long story short as much as it may be an antisemitic canard, people of a certain faith do entirely control the field of psychological diagnostics and pharmaceutical treatment.  an welpo yea. im not sayin this to perpetuate anything or be like "muh js axis of subversion" or nuthin so dnt confuse that for this. but yes
Sigmund Frued, His Nephew Edward Bernays,  half the medical industry's management and all the owners of peer review publication and broadcasting. they are either jewish or zionist. this is not being senetic or otherwise simply statement of fact which is a matter of public record. not saying there is anything wrong with it from a perspective of choice of faith or anything remotely like that. just that yes when it comes to psychology---->

who decides who is mentally ill---> a jewish doctor using a field of medical science invented by a jewish doctor and scholar. 

and again this is not intended to offend anyone or be slanderous in anyway gainst anyone or group. simply a statement to answer the question "who decides mental illness"

didnt you know that girl scouts is youth enlistment into witchcraft and lunar worship, crop circles serve as summoning ceremonies.

@vig first female national leader outside gay monarchy europes a  PM bs. like first female autocrat executive leader

an its not in USA but in NK. 
jus goes to show u how bad muh patriarchy in usa is. 

so bad that a communist DRPK ppls have a female leader b4 USA.

still cia likely er mi-5 but like by backing an internal player to coup n take over

no they wouldnt @Jiijo cuz it would imply that their leader isnt "all knowing" if a god can be killed hes not a god.

@vig one point of note tho bout that law
all the "renisance masters" painters, their models were a) mostly prostitutes literally, an b) between ages 12 and 17. aka half the artistic nudes in every museum by SAME law are fully CP. difference is those arent mostly paintings of fictional ppl. REAL children n teens posed fer that shit.

so it comes down to the definition an application of the term "obscinity" in that the work in question must be of no
artistic
scientific
historical
or accademic

value to society. an the only person who determines this is the judge presiding over the case.

which is how u end up with bs like "amazing desmond" a 10yo TRANS STRIPPER

being paid to be sexually explicit on stage
deemed as PERFORMANCE ART
even tho its flat out child strip tease to an adult audience 

while even the most artistic NON loli but flat anime girl PAINTINGS, lewd er not is being reed at as CP by these same judges.

aka
society is fucked.

@Crapulinski heart disease an colon cancer in usa kill 890k combined per year

yee mcdonalds=population control.

@Mooncake ty fer bringing up the #PC culture destruction of FF7 in remake. 
Tifas H cup tits are reminder
that b4 square enix made final fantasy games they strictly made eroge aka hentai games. Final Fantasy was actually expected to be a flop by angelsoft btw.

also went in a man came out a woman
but yee lets jus ignore the braibwashing, hazing, harrasment an guard on orisoner abuse in military prison let alone the prisoner on prisoner rape bs.

@Jiijo any way more h/anime jokes
what is your ideal waifu/husbando IRL?
an imaginary friend with benefits 

@Jiijo it depends on context. most of what goes to court these days is literally
woman>> gets black out drunk an has 1 noght stand nsa sex with man. wakes up an goes home an back to normal life. few WEEKS later decides it was rape an calls the cops. 

now im not saying in ANYWAY that rape dsnt happen. it does an p often. thing is 90% of female rape victims A) dont report it an B) over 2/3rds of them are teens/adolescents who are abused by other teens/adolescents. 

a significant fraction of what IS reported in western world is strictly after the fact junk that at time of sex was either consented or they were intoxicated.

a sig fraction..not all of reported cases but like>30% of reported cases are.

@Luoda depends on ur definition. 
like both legally an acceptability.
male on femake 'forced' hentai is seen as bad an rape an rape normalizing.

yet yandere stuff is still openly available on steam. kinda makes ya think.

@Jiijo what do you call a random furry creature that appears out of nowhere and erhm 'assaults' a woman?

@Jiijo idk. ill try work on it sunday n monday n junk but like on sun i gotta bike 24 fucking miles
got my pc space freed up a bit on 4/20 n junk moved most my hentai to usb

scientifically PROVEN.

it was in DECEMBER jfc. b4 covid was even a thing in usa

its not sum MURIKA tardbrain junk.
we ALL die. what matters in the END is how u CHOOSE to LIVE.

we r all statistics..every one dies. what matters is how u chose to live.

ild rather die free than as prisoner/slave.

mfw im anarchist liberty is all i care bout.
live free or die.
if u get sick n die
least youll die free

even with DELIBERATE spread of infection, SK contained it an has plataued out an reduced cases fer over a month.

@Yugo Nurse @Jiijo @Crapulinski @Bats (he/him) @Sid @Yugo Nurse @PhanUU

oh no covid19 kills almost a million ppl in 6 months(been goin on since october fuck u) 

how bout the 
300k who die every year cuz flu n pnumonia?
+
the 800k who die of malaria 
+
the 30 million with HIV/AIDS
+
the 6-8 million who die of WATER BORN illness YEARLY
+
the 800k who die of preventable parasites YEARLY

wheres muh state of emergency fer that?

@Yugo Nurse so other than cuba an sweden name 1 nation outa 196 which gives energency care access an can support it to greater than 5% their population simultaneously.

cuz far as ive found GLOBALLY there not only ISNT one

but only 38 outa 196 nations even PROVIDE healthcare institutional ACCESS to every citizen.

modern "healthcare" is a system designed to be run as a business. supply vs demand. if every one gets a cure then the cure is cheap n inexpensive due to wide availability. meaning an actually functional healthcare industry is in NO WAY profitable.

as result the entire INDUSTRY is build an predicated to exclusivity. as result we dont have the facikities let alone the meds to DO SHIT beyond preventative care measures an the OCCASSIONAL ER emergency visit.

if more than 3% of usa is ER hospitalized fir ANY reason corona er not.

hostpital system collapses within ONE WEEK. 

coom sumthin maybe cumminism

but also i have already posted some o my collection in junk altar n the futa one

welp like dude its sad
if u trans irl the hrt meds make ur D smol n not work. 

so if u want a working D youll end up as less passable on transition. 

if ppl wanna transition n keep a working D they aught be able to an its retarded medical science hasnt come up with actual solutions to shiet like this

n yee. back then i liked futa cuz watchin a woman fuck a woman was more "satsifying" to me than watching sum buff or gross dude or sum boy fuck a woman.

but yee there was futa n watersports n incest n tentacle junk

i was not violated er anything by ppl no.

tho my mom did beat me fer masturbating few times

n my dad beat me fer finding my hentai collection. 

like i was repeatedly beaten fer trying to jus have a NORMAL sexual outlet as a teen cuz parents were christ cucked baptists

@rinner depends on how u define rape.

ideas are ideas they r entirely ARTIFICIAL cuz we create them

like there is no natural course of ideology. ALL ideologies are artificial because ALL ideas are artificial.

blade runner was a SEQUEL not a REBOOT. 
he had the ability to dictate creative control over plot

cuz the plot wasnt entirely set in stone

an unlike DUNE

there arent TWELVE MORE SEQUELS in the blade runner series slotted for production which are all ENTIRELY connected n derived from EVERY EVENT in the first fucking movie of the series.

omg dude
.....

dune is a very DRAMA oriented space opera. meaning the main motivation behind EVERY characters actions

is fueld by very specific inter personal drama plays.

most of it is ppl flat out blood vendetta killing each other thru duel over rulership of a noble house

killings orchestrated by both political motivations, familial ties and bonds, an the metaphysical manipulations of the benne jesuit cult who attempt to control and engineer destiny itself. 

if u change too much of junk then certain WRITTEN plotlines dont make sense.

this isnt me REEing over muh changes

its me STATING directly that IF you change X relationship---> you destroy a crutial line of context which is REQUIRED fer the END of the series to make FUCKING SENSE. 

to understand this look at history

if Hitler went to art college instead of ww1 then would he still have been the SS furher?

...
i chose to go with game design cuz due to nature of how films r made
unless a director wants to take 5-20 YEARS to make a film by doing ALL the creative control shit themselves

they have basically ZERO control over the film save for the aesthetical LOOK of the finished product. 

hollywood has done this by basically eliminating most actual creative control jobs by mandating a film can ONLY be made of a block buster best selling story or a revise of a blockbuster movie. 

omg dude 
b4 i was even IN highschool i studied filmography. in 6th grade i did a report on G lucas n then one on stephen speilburg

fer my HS senior project i WROTE a fucking zombie movie. 

ik wtf im talkkng about holy shiet. 

directors coordinate with castibg an creative directors of respective departments ect...

they control every aspect of how the end product film LOOKS. 

unless said director actually WROTE the script or DID the concept designs of costumes an sets

the ONLY things they control is thus;

they jus make sure the AESTHETICS are done to their liking an thats it. 

liking a movie cuz o director is tantamount to liking a sports car SOLELY because of what COLOR it is an how the STYLING package of the body kit looks.

...
tldr short
its a REACTIONARY psyop
of return to tradition of trad media
but
cuz trad media is of views they are against
they are REWRITTING the entire pretext and context of those trad values

an then slapping the old branding logos on it.

.. 
heres a NOVEL idea
instead of re-writing stories written by enlightened white european an american western society to suit a more diverse cast listing

how bout
YOU WRITE YOUR OWN DAMN SHIET? 

stop destroying the classical epochs of actual intellectual literature by BUTCHERING it in order to SUIT A PR PROPAGANDA AGENDA. 

instead of destroying^ the works of another culture

why dont you create your OWN works to REP your OWN culture?

what?
covid is only what 800k cases globally? 

its a 0.014% chance globally

oh an vaccination was VOLUNTARY not STATE MANDATED

to point on communism n socialism n junk
n social distancing=communism

b4 covid19 usa didnt have BREAD LINES at the GROCERY STORE to buy TOILET PAPER

like gee idk a certain 1970^s ronald reagan psyop propaganda meme claiming

"unlike in USSR we dont have block long lines jus to get toilet paper"

@Jiijo more murikan sports than wrestling

then how come WWE is the only sporting event deemed "essential labor"???

us govt is crazy enough with out legitimizing its megalomania complex
n also
god gave man free will. 
weve had it since. 
dues vault is not superior to free will. free will is dues vault

no its not.
give me liberty
implies the govt had the right to revoke it from you in the first place

an
that you need to be "meritous" enough to have it GIVEN back to you by the state. @Jiijo

@Salud y República reminder
AOC
who earns 127k as a JUNIOR congresswoman 
demanded a RAISE on basis of discrimination

mean while 10 YEARS ago
SENIOR and MALE congressMEN were only paid 40,000 a year. 

fuck the petite bourgie scum.

i did tell yall like 5 weeks ago this was #boompocalypse now

@Jiijo thats not the point.
the POINT us if ur gonna MAKE society go all POLICE STATE an SUPPORT that level of criminal bs cuz YOU BELIEVE in the cause behind it

yet IGNORE the standards YOU impose upon EVERYONE ELSE

like thats sum scum o teh earth bs

tldr short
i has a boss ass mask n had it b4 #covid19
n since #covid19
ive not worn it in public ONCE btw ill have ya knos

n all like 500 years b4 womens sufferage to boot.

@vig thats actually one i was thinking of but couldnt remember her name

n yee admiral of 300+ ship pirate fleet

@vig ik theres diffs
mls vs trotskies vs the cringe stalinites n junk 

but like meh idk

left commies r ultra left
but commies arent

wut

like
>best facilities
>best programs
>best equipment
>best doctors
>least cases of suit for malpractice/botched junk
ect...

no no no m8  @Jiijo if ur ambulatory they only bring food into a buzzed in airlock room outside ur room. then they call u n tell u its there. unless ur like too sick to get outa bed n need cathider n junk

like u dnt see ppl while ur in the hospital at all unless u need a shot/revival.

you kno what i heard from sum one who HAS corona in USA?

they dnt even let any STAFF in the room with the patient while patient is stable.

theys isolated in an isolation wing hooked to ekg n ivs n shiet all ALONE solitary confienment status for WEEKS. 

shits absurd.

n not jus them n their job to save them

but being paid to make jokes instead of saving ppl ON DUTY CLOCK HOURS

like 
its complex but tldr short
in ww1-ww2 every nation jus copied each other.

>scorpion
>german straight mag gun predecessor of mp5 i forget name stein sumthing er other
>grease gun
>tommy gun
>uzi

based riot
mo fo i was right bout the junk gonna be prohibited by AAA industry an VERY shortly. 
dnt jus ignore that.

@Jiijo soo ya kno how you said no ome would care that e-girl.gg violates ToS of in game services regarding prohibition of solicitation thru platform?

welp LEAGUE of LEGENDS

the most played MMO an MOBA in THE WORLD
filed a cease n decist order against e-girl.gg an they r currently in biz negotiations to work out a ammicable solution

@Jiijo omg WHAT kind of resources jfc look at what they fucking consume
>recycled GARBAGE for repurposing
>renewable plants n animals fer food
>cotton n hemp clothing

n thats bout it. 

avg african working population consumes less than 3% of what an american TEENAGER does in resources per year. n unlike murika 90% of what they consume us either trash, recycled or renewable

@Jiijo im not talkin AMERICANS jfc im talkin 3rd world labor population.

80% the world subsists almost entirely on purely renewable resources. food, clothing, water this shit is renewable an freely available an cultivatable

building a robot requires as much NON RENEWABLE resources as a CAR. n we are ALREADY running out of certain ones of those.

u do kno humans reproduce for free an use basically no resources

if u wanna build robots fer every human alive an that are as capable or more than humans

it takes the resources of a small car jus to build ONE. now times that by 4.5 billion. 

so whats more cost effective? free reproduction
or
diverting 500% the resources we currently use in GLOBAL automotive production jus to build robots to replace human labor?  @Jiijo

@Jiijo n if u kill all the slave labor then theres no supply of surplus value to extract from global labor

@Jiijo um yee we can. 
cultivation of anagesic algae based food products.

genocide thru attrition while we have the means to PREVENT it in 1st world

gee yea that wont cause ww3 prole uprisibg at all huh?

the US CONSTITUTION states that the president only has authority over congress an the military, STATES govern THEMSELVES

far as Trump bein fashy

YESTERDAY in an NATIONAL ADRESS 

Trump claims to have TOTAL AUTHORITY in dictating the terms of how ANY STATE can govern itself within the USA

aka literally stated to the national public on white house press release
he IS an AUTOCRAT

regarding opposition to status quo yes that is trad like what liberalism is--> liberating the ppl thru progress an by fighting for freedoms the status quo repeals

but same time yes by forever being opposing of muh status quo; it is infact reactionary as it is a forever SET in TRADITIONAL capacity as to what it is on its agenda.

 i dnt mean muh lolbral junk or like coworker drama

im talkin bout muh SOCIAL JUSTICE
ppl doxxing ppl cuz ppl did "muh bad thing"

some one bein like "oh did you kno X person beats his doggo" er sum shiet. 

like some sjw bein like "hes dating a girl young enough to be his daughter, what a mysog sexist"
n i dnt mean liberal cuz like fuck dude the definition changes for it based upon who uses it
regarding opposition to status quo yes that is trad like what liberalism is--> liberating the ppl thru progress an by fighting for freedoms the status quo repeals

but same time yes by forever being opposing of muh status quo; it is infact reactionary as it is a forever SET in TRADITIONAL capacity as to what it is on its agenda.

whats deal with SJW junk?
if u do SJW shiet IRL you get a rep fer being a slanderous rumor mill gossiper an might get slammed with liable lawsuits an are mostly seen as a drama queen er homewreaker

but do it all online an suddenly youre a "hero"
like wtf is this shiet?

wut

n gross in heels eww.

what bout JUDAS huh? cuz hes at the table ya kno

lmfao nice

@Jiijo u kno whats crazier? lol the term jungle currency came from vietnam era

@Jiijo u want the ultimate aha! moment? 

bear grylls an the UK n Allied NATO armed forces

reffer to TP as "jungle currency"

no jfc
NWO= jedi jfc.

ordo ab chao
peace thru ORDER 

is literal motto of the empire an the jedi alike.

20 mill ppl.on earth die per year of shit weve had ability to prevent SINCE 1960.

@Luoda innocence are genocided under the "order" of "peace"

muh future waifu maybe.

@Sid get sone 420 man

in ones i went to u could use phones when ev if u were lucid 

you jus couldnt have a wire with out supervision

@PhanUU cant help it. fapped to hentai while listening to Gumi-chan vocaloid song wildfire too many times

@Crapulinski r u really an arsonist/rapist cuz if so n teh effeminate persuasion to boot

thats like bein a unicorn

n like yee why do u even need a garot? ppl wear collared jackets. thats literally all u need.

yee  @server doc octave

soo glad im risking my life fer twelve fitty an hour n comin into contact with 800-5000 ppl a day jus so the state can make a profit while 80% the economy shut down

so shitty day o teh no sleep insomniac
>new yorkers still traveling to central nh
>ppl still out on walk about holiday like its spring fucking break
>every third house has 1-2 outa state cars parked at it
>us retail essential workers got a 10% "appreciation bonus" at nh liquor commish an now all of WORK FROM HOME corporate FUCKS that make 10X my fucking salary are REE'ing to the governors office bout how THEY dnt have a RAISE
>we got sneeze/spit guards in store finally but guess what? theys ACRYLIC so you cant use ANYTHING other than WATER to clean em. so they gonna be bacteria factory as fuck.

well if ppl stopped being so picky with their god damned standards an jus MARRIED in order to have STABLE lives rather than pursuing society's made up BS about affluence n luxury n beauty

inceldom is not justifiable

its materialist society dictating that only those with sexual value get to have consentual sex. n since rape n assault=bad

those who are confined to inceldom by society
r deemed by society to firever be sexless or die or rot in prison as degenerates confined to slavery for engaging in degenerative behavior as per societys standards

meanwhile look at what inceldom is;
started as a gender label by feminist orgs
yet
femcels are NOT sexless: they r women incapable of maintaing/obtaining a long term relationship. not incapable of having consentual sex.

if a woman is ugly/fat/disfigured
revoking consent to be with her is body shaming/objectification an means ur a mysog sexist

but if a man is undesire-able, stating that the woman shoukd consent other wise be equally as sexist---> is deemed rape apologia/making assault "ok" n is an actual crime level of sexism.

sure accordibg to RAINN.ORG

1 in 10 rapes r reported
1 in 100 go to trial
1 in 1000 yield a conviction

so only 1 in 10,000 are ever sent to prison n thats BEFORE accounting for WRONGFUL conviction of innocent men. meaning its closer to only 1 in 120k who ever REALLY go to prison + actually did it. 

thing is n thing fems have been covering tf up

women assault minors as often as men do. 

if u dnt "muh believe junk"
look at most trending n popular porn genres

incest
mother teaches son/teen
mother catches n 3 ways teen
mother daughter 3 way
fem teacher with student
family orgies
older woman teaches virgin
ect...

im not jfc i jus had some coca cola jfc @Arson course i didnt sleep last night so yee adrenaline

n i did mention other day adrenaline does same shit to ur brain as METH on endocrine response

its my understanding on labour party movement thru europe n uk that it came up in parallel with the communist uprising due to internationally shared ideas thru manefestos an fer first time international en masse literature production at rates even the poor could afford an unlike in prior times thru human history roughly 1 in 5 ppl could read by 1920 in EU nations, UK n USA which is up considerably from the 1 in 2000 who could read during the 1860s.

the CLASS DIVIDE has hardly ever changed due to a less than 2% class mobility of working class to upper class generationally since the start of the industrial revolution.

sry jeeze 1920s tho i thought it formed in 1890s with the rise of the communist revolution

key word being WORKING class

@Hyperion im not mad at  @server doc octave n yee no hard feels n junk

jus bit flustered that when ev i be like "oiy dis be dat" all muh PROFESSIONALES be like

thats not directly copypasta from text book in text book terms so its wrongo

in manch NH
cuz fent epidemic
there was like 100 ODs a week an between half an 60% resulted in total heart stoppage level OD.

n thing is
of the 100 ODs a week, like 70% of them were the same PATIENTS. thats a PROBLEM

nh drug junkies be like

Ohh i OD'd on monday n got outa ER on Wednesday its friday so time to go get high again woo hoo.

sry i cant remember fucking LATIN jfc.

so i confused the two jfc atachycardic isnt that like anti-tachy er wtf ever dude its 3am n im tired n was drunk n now am not

jfc yall ree over fucking semantics

tachy, arhithmia

still a fucking heart thats NOTstopped

u only need epi if the junks totally STOPPED..like gosh stop wit teh semantics an look bigger picture here pls.

60% of fent ods cause total null heart beat. hence need of epi 2 outa 3 fent ods

im not saying YOU dont know stuff..i AM saying I  WAS PROFESSIONALLY given the SAME first responder training YOU HAVE plus combat injury treatment (ie gsws an junk)

on kno what im talking bout i WAS combat lifesaver certified fucking 6 times i AM professionally trained as a first responder an WAS a literal boyscout with the first aud merit badge jfc

if ur heart STOPS from OD on tranqs er opioids u get a shot of fucking EPI.

yes 60% of ppl in NH abuse fucking drugs

majority of em opiates an amphetamines/meth

@Jiijo i dnt i did say yesterday i hasnt gotten it since 2012. jfc. but its by choice. 
i dnt go out havin sex with randoms cuz 60% the ppl in this state r junkies n junkies have stds

ive nvr worn condoms an i aint got no obe preggers

course
1st one had a nuvaring bs. ik that cuz shit kept fucking poking me.

why do u need condoms? fuckin cdc n shit says u cant be havin sex with ppl u dnt already kno n interact with cuz #flu youll get sick an or ithers can get sick. 

which tbh is p fucking dumb
remember back in studio 54 days? not too long ago between 1967 an 1996 ppl en MASSE would go to "bourgie only" clubs an not jus have sex with strangers in public

but full on 200+ person orgies

an no one wore condoms n shiet. 

where was covid crap n stds n hiv then huh?

i aint no damned alt righter. why am i gaibst porn industry? 

welp cuz in usa the things predatory as fuck. big corpies take 99% of intake leavin u wit pennies when YOU produce the media an the media is YOUR fucking body/image. 

no corpy has right to dictate ownership over YOUR body/image jfc. 

porn should be run like how japan produces doujin circles. not by some greedy corpy thats like "cum work for us get paid to coom all day" n then they barely give u enough to cover food n rent
im for SELF production of media. stuff un perturbed by corpy cross ownership taking more than 60% of the returns off of YOUR media.

yall even kno how cam girls get paid n shiet? 
on chaturbate 1 token = 0.01 penny roughly.

u wanna make 1200$ a month u need 120k fucking tokens

96% of models only make 5000 to 15k tokens a fucking month

then projekt melody came out made in FUCKING MIKU MIKU DANCE

an gets 15k tokens in THREE HOURS. 

cam junk n junk like pornhub n xvideos n xnxx n xhampster n junk

is insanely predatory in this regard. 

n if u have SFM or a REAL 3DCGI digital workstudio software
u can make 10x what the avg REAL LIFE pornstars make 

and AUTOMATE IT.

man dude why do scummy porno sites ree so badly when you attack them for demanding the whole "papers please" for nsfw access? its like r u ppl stupid? discord is A) clearnet so any channel is accessible via surface internet an B) sells the info of everything posted

u got any idea how many ppl jus willingly self dox n get their identity stolen, scammed n blacknailed cuz this shit? 

its porn
we dnt gotta devolve to police state tactics to share it mfw

so im kinda peeved
where does one go to get a dodgy ass job with decent pay? ive got electrical n mechanical engineering experience, first responder training, combat training, ordinance n munitions training an marksmanship training

surely some one some where could pay me 50k a year to do fucking something? but noooo. stupid govt wont do shit. direct military contracting agencies will only send u over seas

n the ONE fucking Privatized military corp i could find hasnt done shiet on replying to my job app to work as mechanic outa fort irwin cali 40 miles south of DEATH VALLEY in middle of bumb fuck nowhere thru dyncorp

so like wtf is one supposed to fucking do? fuck sakes ill gladly work as consultant contractor fer sum dodgey ass shiet if it jus means i can get an income an a fucking car but nooo jfc hows this shit even work?

how does one even get a REAL fucking job with out a resume, without a 4+ year degree ab with out 15 years fucking industry exp?

oversleeping dsnt help it makes junk worse ik from experience.

mostly cuz the life society dictates u live is too routine to even allow you the hours of freetime needed to over sleep. 

but even with that aside

if u sleep fer 12-20+ hours
you will be awake AF for next 2-4 DAYS
this degree of habitual sleep deprivation literally causes temporary insanity as well as basically an adrenaline addiction that rivals being a fucking actual crystal meth addict. 

non epinephrine aka adrenochrome aka adrenaline
activates same junk in brain exactly as amphetamines/meth does

its highly addictive
an fucks with ur perception of reality thru euphoric states an basically hormonal overdrives

when u dont sleep for longer than 16 hours the body starts secreeting adrenaline in order to keep you alert and functional in your sleep deprived state

longer youre awake more adrenaline gets released until its no longer possible at which point you be come irritaded irritable, effectively punch drunk cuz ur too tired to function an jus generally miserable an unhappy

then you crash n pass out for another 16-20+ hours

it creates a severe ass cycle of manic euphoria an extreme lethargy induced states of irritability an depression.

sure but try going from manic to depressed 1-3x a week aka #welcome to my life
like yea no matter the type deppression obv sux
but yee us type 1 folk r kinda rollercoaster ride boned an at mercy of nuerochemical equivalent of #RNG

on sex tho i was looking into femcels which tbh i thought were jus females who couldnt get laid at all

but no no no no
apparently a femcel is a woman who tho they can have sex, cant obtain(meaning maintain) a long term relationship

jfc dude wtf is this bullshiet? where is the subgroup of women who cant get laid AT ALL an arent either
400lbs+
parapulegic
missing limbs
vegitative state ppls
an the mentally retarded/schizophrenics

cuz those ppl either cant consent or require caretaker relationships which when intimate in nature according to every HR firm ever: are predatorily extortionate 

so those aside

where is the avg 1-5/10 woman who cant get laid at all? do they even fucking exist?
on bipolar  @Sid technically 1 in 3 ppl are bipolar to some degree.  type 3 bipolar sees one ho from a single manic episode to a single depressive state within 6-9 months. its more commonly reffered to as seasonal depression/euphoria/mania

@Luoda how does one kill a lego? it takes 9000lbs of pressure to crush one brick
@Bread technically i havent had sex since sept 2012 but thats been my choice

..
talking to girls in a covid19 world;
hey at least you HAVE a job now.

too bad its making MINUM wage

fuck yo covid shiet
let the mascots stay home
put the toilet paper factories back to fucking work

point is basically if u want any of the govt benefits

you ARE legally entitled to n the govt is OBLIGATED by LAW to provide

other than
section 8/ housing authority
EBT aka food stamps
social security
medicaid/medicare
federal job placement (which is bs its basically equiv of a fucking temp agency) 

ur SOL unless u have an army of lawyers an secretaries.   @Jiijo

...
like on state offices get this right
>be me
>go to benefits.gov
>fill out the hour long survey to see what i qualify for
>great news you qualify for 140 federal/state benefits
>half listed benefits r discontinued
>follow weblinks which either only direct you to laws or a website what runs a benefits program but theres 0 enrolment or contact info on the shit period
>call VA to ask to speak to benefits counselor
>"we only deal in VA benefits packages go contact your state VA liason officer" so i do
>"i only direct you to what progams are partnered to VA to provide services such as VA turning a DoD CDL into a civilian CDL, go contact a disability rights agency for your state" so i do
>"oh we only deal in disability law, we can basically only set u up with social security medicaid/medicare, food stamps an HUD n section 8 housing"

so point is
all these entitlements an benefits, half of em r shut down ages the fuck ago, rest are shut diwn cuz no ones in the offices cuz covid19 and basically theres no one to help u figure out what does what or even what the fuck ur actually qualified for
.

so i wasted 2 fucking months doing that @Jiijo

ik n thats on me i wanted to do this shit ages ago but fucking covid panick BS meant oh no now i have to soend 8 hours a week going to the fookin grocery store incase shit goes 1984 mad fucking max lock down in 5 fucking days

fucking assinine fucking bullshite. 
on top of doubling my hours at work an basically doin ALL the fucking house chores AND having to do buncha online shopping cuz all the online stores are fucking closing er outa fucking stock. 

this is sum horseshiet times these oast 3 months
plus had to spend like 3 weeks callin VA an state offices to sort out buncha bs too
like oh no i cant go to my doctors appointment cuz bs. 
so had to reschedule that n that took fucking 2 weeks cuz the govts jus sooo good at getting shit rescheduled

like we had a socialist revolution in gaming via open source, flash, the internet and napster---> police state seized MOP and made private comercial usage a crime, and has been dismantling the network infrastructure used to create it since 1999.

the problem with military n paramilitary groups is an always has been 

pacifists vs standing army.

under freedom of speech an buckley vs valeo, DoD funding via federal budget from US taxes is mandatory and obligatory support of speech for US DoD and DHS. 

meaning by paying tax you support thru speech via buckley vs valeo the Military Industrial complex. 

meaning you are prohibited to a degree from denying support of militart even if you are pacifist.

soul carn limbo land was needed for the skyrim expansion with the vampires. its the dimensional realm where souls go after black soul gem is depleted. that ghost/undead dimension you go into in the apothecary lab in the vampire castle.

antifa death toll

pffft

antifa kills fascists, are fascists ppl mr trad right wing? no according to teh stupid UN GC, fascists dnt "deserve" civil rights thus they arent entirely ppl. 

checkmate

@Soup kinda, you can live with out emotion by living logically for the purpose of progress and expansion.

but ultimately yes the logic of moralistic priority is based on assumed and stereotyped lies.
like what ever everyone agrees is good/bad is then good/bad respectively. the key as to how much of a lie it is lays in the justification for the determination. 

like---> expanding cities is "bad" because it destroys nature
but
living with out infrastructure is not possible as 80% of people then die.

on suicide as martyrdom
>yould rather die than live under your situation. live free or die. 
this is seen as an act of the highest opposition that one can hold. 
but
theres also the meme that its the cowards way out, choosing death over facing adversity and trying to overcome it.

@Ladifour how come skyrim dsnt hzve the books from daggerfall or morrowind or oblivion? its just txt notepad files why couldnt they include all of em? woulda taken books list from 400 ish (with dlc) to like 5000.

tbh i dnt has much femdom i do need to fet more

Rio has highest murder rate of any city like 10 years running an last year they put a 2 year moratorium on pregnancy cuz of zeka er sumthin
like cuz of mosquito borne illness primarily they put a ban on ppl getting pregnant cuz of mortality risks.

accordin to alt right loli otaku= pedo
thats 5000 pedo views per hour on jus teh one post....
yet in USA sexuall assault incidents rate (of reported incidents) is 4 per hour.

when will teh stigmatizing of anime end? 
no one likes cloppers but no one calls cloppers pedos. so whys anime treated so harshly? an furthermore twitters got a no loli policy dsnt it? wtf is the deal?
(on the elon musk loli post-^)
like to be blunt interest in anime loli or otherwise dsnt = rapist er mysog

ao like wtf
n like yee its sfw img. jus happens to have below it "parents arent home come over"
(5k views based on likes clicks)

look like yes its a depiction of a prepubescent character, or one jus entering puberty or jus petite characters yes obviously

but 

its nit a real person thus ur not violating anything. n im not tryin tondefend loli, im tryin to address  why otakus r branded pedos whether animes loli er not.

theres 1000x more otakus than rapists in USA obviously not all otakus r rapists so whys that dang stereotype perpetrated?

well according to many right wing groups anime/weeb=pedo like i seent ut too many times its a real stereotype n its not jus confined to internet

yee but they still rag against anime n bully otakus dang hypocrites

n like on teh loli bit
mlp clopping is real, no one addresses that fan basecas pedos even tho they are by technicality (mlps r like 12 in cannon) 

an lazytown porn is real, like not animated, an like yee obvs models r over 18 cuz its actually professionally marketed porno but yee its a 12 yo character.

so like why isnt this junk gettin calls fer teh rope as much as anime?
also 
simpsons porno
Johnny test
ben 10
incredibles
ect...

90% of western toon porn is of teen or younger characters. yet that junk is openly featured in professional marketed mags such as Playboy. like no joke.
what im addressing is like why is it pedo when its anime but media dsnt bastardize non anime junk as pedo even in the cases that it openly is pederistic? like why is this sooo common a theme of bullying an call for ban/censorship but allowance of the others even by AAA media?

meh idk i mean slightly autistic sure, bipolar yes but idk when i was a kid i was told by everyone i was like mentally in my 30s cuz i was so PC

mlps arent always ponies. theres the one spin off series where they r jus normal school girls

well like on groping like tbh theres some things i never ever understood.
whys it perfectly fine fer adults to squeeze cute kids cheeks n give headpats n hugs even to total dang strangers yet sumhow when ur a teen or adult its suddenly taboo forbidden to touch some one with out asking? 

n on touch some one as teen/adult im not talkin bout total strangers but like ppl your friends or more with n like alot. 

like why cant ya jus pat some ones butt or give teh butt a squeeze? like if they dnt wabt u to n it gets awkward sure dnt do it. but like whats wrong with physically flirting? n like im not talkin like rippin junk off n jus tearing at each other, jus playfull or gentle touching. 

n like concerts, events subways ect, these places its perfectly "normal" to jus be sandwiched person to person n like concerts youll get total strangers walking up to u n then proceeding to dry hump ur crotch fer pete sake. 

like i dnt understand.

@root sooo lame. why? why r like sex robots like that soo dang lame its 2018 not 1970 junk shouldnt look like a kinects erector set. 

on lame i mean like 99% of "dolls" have no robotics and 80% of tge robot ones uts jus teh head n like doll dsnt move on its own kinda deal like why? 

robo sapien was invented in like 96 er sum bs. all ya gotta do is make that bigger, chabge design slightly an give it silicone* skin. its really not that damned hard.

like look at "the dark crystal" in 1970s on how the puppeteering robotics* is on hiw complex that junk is. why dont we have dolls that are that complex with full ambulatory capabilities and full facial movement range?

n kinda. i got like 2 hours sleep last night so im laggin out hard an like im soo annoyed that industry available tech on market is soo held back n lame like i cant find the words to describe hiw frustrated i am cuz they dont exist. like im that disappointed. 

back in 1999 i knew it was possible to build 1:1 fully functional R2-D2 robots n junk with tech available since 1980. its been 20 years, why^ are 99% of sex toys jus
>pillows
>onahole dolls
>inflatable junk that looks like shit

like we have fukkin tech wtfs goin on?

like case in point, this figure has full human range of motion at 1:6 scale size representation like even dwn to digits. 

its increadibly possible to build this doll 1:1 human scale and by use of gyroscopic controlled gear turned joints you can make it entirely robotic and ambulatory at 1:1 human scale cuz its big enough to fit all the batteries an motors in it n junk at that size.

the only modifications that are tricky are applying the silicone* skin so that it looks good an isnt too rigid

an programming AI into it thats complex enough to handle motion and conversion. but same time, conversations can be emulation parrot style by use of a sound board and speech to text AI interpretation of audio linked to coded response of the soundboard

ie
user: hi hiw are you today?
robot: heyo im fine thank you!

simple on convo end.

ambulatory ness is hard due to balance but by using multiple gyros and auto leveling adjustments thats solvable. on movements like yes making a robot learn how to walk on its own is insane an like still dsnt work. but theres this thing called motion capture which has been used in animation since the 20s via rotoscoping. u can use mocap to make a robot move the same way its used by actors to make video game npcs move. its not hard xbox kinnect n miku miku dance is literally all u need.

you can replace all secretaries, maids, housekeeping, and desk clerks with robots. robots dnt need food, bathroom or sleep and they dnt need a salary. u can automate like 60% of services industry with such robots.  @Columna Durruti

well if u make em human--->
actors/actresses
models for retail n mags
porn
prostitution
movie extras
video phone hotlines
cam models 
ect....
replace all with robots
u got any idea how much $$$ a media company can make when models n actresses have no salary? same dealio with bands n music
not only that but at that point a teenager can make a Hollywood blockbuster movie on a video game allowance
like it allows greater access of independently made media cuz it cuts media production costs to practically zero vs what they are currently

n yee i get im white n russian outfig but yee. pfft im nit like 0.00006% native im 25% bit of a difference. my great grand parents 2 on moms side an 3 on dads were 100% native

kinda i got like thin volumey german hair like literalky Anakin in ep3 hair. if i wear ball cap with long hair like it looks like the hats squeezin my head n junk no matter how i wear it
so i mostly wear beanies n ushankas n like hat hats with brims n junk
@Columna Durruti on margins tho 1200$ to 5000$ per unit production cost vs sales prices as high as 80,000$ thats heck of a margin if ya can sell quantity at higher prices. after while though due to availability of tech n how its like literally 80s simple in design, like prices would stabilize prolly at round equivalent of 6k-8k$
still 100% profit return

plastic n silicone n alluminum r dirt cheap. an if mass produced well the more you make the cheaper cost is per unit.

ive already done the numbers for the pic of the figure above as a fully robot doll with AI n junk n fully ambulatory

with out silicone skin itll only cost 2000-5000$ at retail sourcing if materials n parts

with silicone skin youre looking at adding 2000$ to price tag.

a PS4 VR system, TV home theater an 20 games is like 6000$
if u got a vendirs license n get materials in bulk at warehouse whokesale itll only cost 1200$ witb out silicone 3000$ with it

i liked the dark brotherhood wizard outfits in skyrim tbh. bell bottoms lil odd but the tunics n hoods were nice. also best glovelets in gane on clothing gloves tbh.

i got the clothing ones that had no enchantments on em n then enchanted em myself. its in the 1st stronghokd when you first get there like in the bookshelves by the loli vamp lady
the ones the npcs r wearing that u can claim when they die yea the enchantments do suck but like they are semi usefull cuz in vanilla ur pretty low level at that point. like tge muffked shoes n lockpick gloves

loooooAaaaaddddiiiinnnnnggg....
when you wanna say "happy holidays" nuthin says it better than the blood of that girl who looked at you that ur yandere gf jus well yee perhaps best if i dnt explain i guess

@Crapulinski 🇫🇮 if u believe the tin foil that frued spews

circumcision reduces dick size over generations

smaller dick=less libido/influence of baser drives from the ID.

@a toothbrush frued also was addicted to opium then cocaine and cigars plus alcohol

was a womanizer and beat his girlfriends

raped several patients under hypnotic suggestion and induced catatonic states from drugs

and married his cousin.

considering genitals have nothing to do with your actual hormone levels yea it kinda is sexism

wtf u mean
ooo pay per session phone sex thru a game console
yee no thnx jfc
forums n shiet like discord exists RPs are soo fucking free.

@server doc octave i had oral sex in rehab. i think im there

@Luoda i didnt get pegged i said i had a gf who wanted to peg me.

instead she jerked n sucked me off thru the whole movie 3:10 to yuma in a public theater an then we went n snogged n further got to 3rd basevn i titty fucked her in a public park

aside from phone sex tho thats as far as we got with each other

@nigga khan i mean unvoluntary as in like they have been OUTCAST by SOCIETY from being able to have sex

cuz no one will consent to be with them.

mainly cuz either
overweight
trad standards
racism
sexism
perversions
ect...

no my gosh
u cant write about junk if u dnt know what it is. 

look at lady who wrote twilight for example. some one who knows basically nothing about paranormal creature lore

what did she do? invent her own system an make the primary cannon of the entire series truly jus sex an romance drama

@Jiijo on summoning succubi/inccubi like they dont entirely or always physically manifest

its more like once you establish a contract

they "pleasure" you while either you are dreaming, in a semi lucid state between awake and asleep

or
they manifest while you are having sex with a human via a quasi state of possession/sacrificial feeding on either you an or ur partner.

unless you r like totally soul bonded n junk they dnt physically manifest

thats the thing im not trying to be dissensitive here its simply the brainchemistry differences in pay outs on priorities.

cis men with competative edge an winning lust/addiction due to higher testisterone

prefer things to sex and human connection

cis women with higher estrogen prefer bonding and empathy, to identify with a person/thing on a higher level and cherish it thru compassion and closeness

this us simply hiw the base fundamentals of human brain chemistry vs sex hormones works

an is precisely why 99.98% of gambling addicts, highly competative over zelous ppl to a fault (ie con men and cult leaders)

are all CIS CHAD MEN

that is highly true yes
an it is a thing called the gamer zone/ the epic win an the non epenephrine aka adrenochrome aka adrenaline n dopamine pay off that type of thing produces which is the reason for it

the thingy is

you need a certain amount of testosterone an over evolved sense of competition to experience such a thing

which is why most cis straight women who game do NOT do it for the epic win/competitive edge

they do it for SAO reasonings

to make friends and bond.

thus when presented with actual irl bonding and affection

or if theyz heal sluts
presented with opportunity for actual sex

they refuse the game by comparison.

welp some girl then mot some guy
course figures a gamer girl that OP has to be les mfw straight girls dont prefer vidya to cuddles er sex like that
as seemingly bad as that comment may be

what are heal sluts again? 
yes "gamer girls" exist

do most cis gamer girls prefer vidya to human connection, empathetuc affectionate attention and or sexual satisfaction?

no, that junks virtually unheard of

tho good luck getting any cis "gamer girl" to admit that.

look live in ur lil fucking bubble i dnt care

if u had followed or even looked into us history of porn production outside of cali yould find the shits mostly run criminal as fuck, many performers get their lives ruined by being arrested for SEX CRIMES an it ruins their lives

an that this is mainky a battle being fought by orofessional industry to visciously destroy the possibility an profitability of independant production thru use of legalist technicality bs an arm bending regulation as well as removing small biz an independant folks ability to LAWFULLY produce by stiffling them under a literal avalanche of protocols

oh an then theres the PROPERTY LAW aspect of it.

if you do not OWN the property filming on, you require permission from the owner to film sexually explicit materials.

if u rent this means ur landlord

oh
an as per state n city ordinances if ur within X range of school er sum shit u cant do it even if u own the place
an some ordibances forbid it outright. 

but yee jus ignore all this shit cuz only ur opinion of 1A interpretation matters

having sex in a public place or a commercial place of business is federally fucking illegal in all 50 states

the ONLY exception outside of NEVADA is adult only entertainment clubs which require special zoning restrictions

liz vicious
naughty natty aka ally sin

have mugshot wrapsheets miles long
naughty natty arrested over ONE THOUSAND TIMES

u ever hear of 90s porn paysite webring network called Lightspeed media llc? no? oh prolly cuz it dsnt exist anymore cuz certain combo of the Texas based company literally bein run by organized crime an that the professional porn idustry used legal technicalities such as porn=prostitution n sent armys of lawyers to kill the company fer challenging calis monopoly of the shjt.

how bout burning angel's websites
if u go to the damned bio section of the oage an learn the networks back story you find that "guerilla porn shooting" as the sites FEMALE co founder puts it

is jus going som where people arent or where u arent gonna get busted and filming porn TOTALLY ILLEGALLY.

an her confession of "ive orgasm'd basically every where ive worked" (as in being fucked on the job in regular non adult industry jobs) 

is jus ooh sooo reassuring. only like 1500 laws that state you cant engage in sex at the work place thanks to HR sensitivity bs. 

so does it seem like the networks co owners give afuck about laws when the madam that runs the site is off fornicating in her day job offices and organizing porn shoots IN DEPARTMENTSTORE WINDOWS???

....
tldr short

if you PAY ppl to have SEX its prostitution legalky

now in MEDIA because the AUDIENCE is getting gratification thru watching an EXTREMELY high demand

its argued as form of speech

the "pretending" claus only applys to non obscene junk

soon as u have actual sex acts in it an not TV rated pg13 play acting

its obscenely explicit media under legal definition

if an actual sex act occurs an the performers are paid to do it---> its prostitution under legal technicality.
i read the whole oage ik shits at the fucking bottom jfc

that view being that women due to being the creators an carriers of life, have access to metaphysical power beyond their understanding or control

that if given power a woman will manipulate junk to obtain more/retain it

an a woman who attempts to understand and know the unknowable an uncontrollable metaohysics BS (waters if life an the quissat sadderack junk w/e idk spelling i havent read the books in 16 years bite me) ....

they will be absolutely corrupted by this power

as only a MAN can contain or control it. because a man can not create or carry life. thus the control of this power is balanced thru the inability of men to do certain things with it. 

that women in their nature can not handle such power due to a metaphysical as well as biological monopoly over power and control an that absolute power corrupts absolutely.

darth_brando10/04/2020
welp duh doiy
but like regarding "muh stalkers"
98% of rape, sexual harrasment an ABUSE is perpetrated by a person familarly known (like first name day to day basis/relative/life er romantic partner) to the victim.
point is <2% of all abuse n harrasment against women r perpetrated by the "muh serial rapist" total stranger style stalker

n they say women arent protected class

imagine if back in day ur only job was drink water n pee on wool under armed guard whike socializing wit frens

not involuntary thats rape
incel is being celibate against ur consent

on account that no one will consent to sleep with u. 

because of how bad health is in usa an cuz how women b offended by men n muh patriarchy

70% of 16-40yo men in USA rn cant get a willing woman.  @nigga khan
yet if ur a WOMAN even if ur a 2 outa TEN u can still get sum simp pay piggy to do anything fer ya

@nigga khan dude <16% the population has EVER married rn here in usa

n thanks to "incel" laibling n shiet
70% of men in usa rn are litterally "un-voluntary consent" cucked cuz of how they look er how they behave in the opinion of women.
sry <16% of 16-40yos
still tho

@Ladifour mfw it was an example. n yee they was all women.

they are but its more complex than that.

its not that women arent capable its a matter of priorities 

women write about drama, romance, intimacy an daily slice of life stuff as well as self help an "motivational"/spiritual nonfiction

whats this mean? means women focus on THE PRESENT.

that they write mainly on topics of escapism thru present level self gratification an or being/becoming the person they are not/can not be. 

they are more concerned with living out personalized fantasizations

and "self/spiritual awakenining/improvement" 

regarding intellectualism

in order to write scifi you must extrapolate current STEM theories to their hypothetical end stage conclusion.

meaning you have to actually KNOW modern theory an the finite details of it. 

which as per less than 0.4% female pressance in stem fields of science

makes that part nearly physically impossible.

so much so that far as female scifi writers go, merry shelly is literally one of the only ones to do this.

its not sexism mfw
look at the damned history of literature

women have had ability an have written significant portion of literature in every nation fer 2000 years. 

sure scifi is more a thing from 1750s to present but still

fer past 270 years women have writtin <0.002% of science fiction an fantasy lore by any means.

whats this mean? jus that women who write have certain priorities when it comes to what they write about

welp we should.

considering how #burn the patriarchy
is going
an the rad feminist push to eliminate male media

point is scifi is one of the things women want to eliminate

@Jiijo tbh its more the fact that sci fi as a genre
from old times such as lovecraft an metropolis

are designed by mainly MEN.

this isnt because womens ideas are prohibited from publication er distrobution in scifi genre

more the fact that 99.998% of female authors
would rather write
self help books
romance dramas
shitty dime store literotica smut novels
and crime dramas

reason sci fi is 99.998% male (an thats considering the fact that HG Wells was really a pen name of the famed authors sister as her brother stole her ideas) 

is because women simply arent creative, intellectual or conscerned enough to write about the future an science fiction.

@Name: Nameless no dude, thats the psyop. 

has nothing todo with looks or persona its purely if they make enough money er not regarding being "date able" 

u could be a disfigured parapalegic

if u roll up in a ferrari women will give you their number

how many career women with degrees have children? oh right nearly NONE 

hence the entire reason that as you go up in income the reproduction rate and MARRIAGE rate drops

today more women in usa have degrees than men and as a result

the marriage rate is the lowest its been of any nation in human history

this shit is relevant

now igtg to work l8r

i said n meant that cis women who prefer competition over affection 

are not entirely cis women 

cuz these such women have testosterone levels higher than avg women an estrogen levels lower.

thats an outa context take an assumptive

i was soeaking about a quote sum one posted how a lady was playin codm in erp while her gf whas trying to cuddle

was a bit more complicated than jus competition.

point being that women who prefer competative power grabs an junk are atypical of cis effeminate woman.

wheres proof n how? welp 99.98% of gambling addicts are male

theres a reason for this an its called testosterone

well let me rephrase that then

were they the "ohh i just want to get married an have babies" type
or
were they the "professional career woman feminist who refuses gender roles and wants power and influence if her own despite fact it may mean she never gets married or has kids thru #down witb patriarchy" type? 

cus spoiler the latter arent cis women OR straight even tho they may viamently profess publicly to only be straight.

point is
cis women largeky dont experience the "epic win" sensation in gaming at all

they r in it for the team building and cooperation.

an as a result when presented with irk affection/intimacy vs "winning sum game" they will always put the game down/dekiberately lose the game to place priority on the affection/team

like how in SAO, dot hack//sign, girlz und panzer n other gamer girl animes its not at all about wining its about having fun as a team and helping your IRL friends that you met thru the game.

do any of u even kno how rare a female tsundere type arsonist is?

tsundere an arsonist itself is an utter psyche contradiction

arsonists are literally sexual sadists
where as tsunderes
are masochistic in the fact that they literally hate themselves for desiring a thing they soo revolt that they combatively outwardly show their disgust toward the object of their affection in order to self sabotage the relationship they actually subconsciously desire.
oh an less than 0.01% of women are arsonists/sexual sadists btw

much less the hybrid conflict of being both arsonist n tsundere

the arsonist is a literal unicorn

a once in a UNIVERSE occurance aka why the boy is so blatantly destined to be with her.

welp on feminist critical theory
women enjoy the priveledge society gives them. they want the priviledge white men have to be removed so that they themsekves retain sole priviledge of society.

welp femmoids r using rapeplay n vilifying it to point that ppl are seriously considering banning porn AGAIN under prostitution

more so that its actually being found out that MOST sex work jobs are predatory as FUCK for women an essentially debt slavery traps

and that these women r being told to cope by taking hard drugs in order to make "performing" easier for them

rather than allowing them to quit if they dont like it.

yee biological predisposotion is to attractive TEENAGERS

k emphasis on TEENAGERS. why cuz before the damned 1300s ppls avg life expectancy was 35. 

an cuz thats how PUEBERTY works.

far as attractiveness

due to "modern medicine" allowing those who woulda normally DIED by age 15 to live to EIGHTY

only 15% the population is "non uggos" an 60% of them ARE WOMEN. 

far as welp i guess only 7.5% the male population "deserves" to breed

USA marriage rate is now BELOW 18% of 16-40yos who have EVER married

so yea unfortunately YES it has SOCEITALLY become the NORM STATUS QUO that if u arent at LEAST 6/10 when ur in ur prime

youll literally never marry unless ur RICH enough to buy a wife/husband sugar daddy/mommy style.

which is retarded AF considering that stabke households n relationships basically depend on neither person being above average in appearance.
cuz ppl who are attractive also tend to have affairs 9x outa fucking 10

on jus how bad that would be;
remember segregation an how non whites had no rights? yee that was them 
remember reactionary opinion of wamen belong in the kitchen? them again
remember when women couldnt work or vote? also them
remember the cure the gay thru christ bs? also them
remember teach inteligent design an christianity instead of science? also them.
remember the kkk? they invented it to hunt down slaves fleeing to the north. 
remember the fag drag (dragging a person by car/horse to death fer being gay) ? also them

yall not even listening which is why i guess i riled up n ranted upon it

"stirnerite spooks of social roles" "too focus on the physical"

my whole life ive never "fit in" as "one of the boys" cuz they ALL reed at me n felt awkward that i was not like "one of the boys"

that on a metaphysical empathic^ er wtf ever the fuck shit is wavelength er W/E idk

ive always felt more "myself" around an with women. not in romance er sexual way but in a i can be myself kinda way. more "fit in" i guess idk even

n like same time not so much cuz they all see me as sum dude an fren zone n coddle n shiet n it jus gets weird 

idk how to explain mfw but like yall dnt even let me try.

omg no dude 
its not jus body shiet its 

fuggin christ man idk how tf to explain k

the entire "muh chaddom manhood shiet" k i DNT act like that, i dnt even like that shit. like mfw idk how even explain, i do not act like a chad i act like a stacey

n muh whole life tards be like "why u such a pussy shiet not like foot ball not do man shit ogga booga hurr durr neanderthal speak"

n yee part of it is that intellectuals n introverts get shat on fer bein effeminate role crap but its more than that

i empathize on levels that like literally 99999 outa 100k men do not. i see things from a different perspective thats been different from 99.9998% of every man ive ever met an in the army i met them by the 10ks ok....

like on the "fit in" / "find ppl who think on the sane wavelength" 99.99998% of time its women an lbgt+ ppl an junk...

n idk how tf to explain it better than this cuz societys too damned cucked to "muh physical appearance" bs an stirnerite spooks of "muh sicial conventions"

n this is NOT the only case where a WOMAN found GUILTY of MURDER caused by a sekf defense scenario where the WOMAN DID overstep her legal rights

got away with it.

its jus the literally ONLY famous one.
so yee if ppl ree muh toxic masculinity

u need to ALSO accept the FACT that women are HIGHLY legally protected and FAVORED over men.

n the fact that 97% of custody cases award SOLE custody to the WOMAN even IF the woman is living in ABJECT POVERTY and is ABUSIVE...

should be evidence alone enough to prove that.

so when women commit MURDER an RAPE they should walk free an nvr even be reported cuz the oatriarchy is out to get them?  @Jan Žižka — CEO of Spider Goats

@Jan Žižka — CEO of Spider Goats so why arent women persecuted for literal crimes?

98% of prisoners in usa an 78% of all arrests in usa are of men.

yet literally an in actuallity women commit HALF of all crime. they are simple not ever punished fer the junk or even reported for it. as a result of nigh 0 punishment an <30% reportings 

its almost a literal crime to accuse a woman of having committed a crime

let alone society admitting that they commit crime as often as men.

@Jan Žižka — CEO of Spider Goats yet wen woman do toxic masc same shit its not toxic, they are "strong women/femdom"

an women thru over infkated stabdards n refusal to consent

created incels @Name: Nameless

ree ree toxic masculinity xuz when males do X they ebul

no dude jus no. 
toxic masculinity is an OPTICS term pushed by female supremacists
aka
men=always wrong
women=always right

thats not how shit works.
do men behave visciously an predatorily? YES
how bout the simple fact that by liabling ToxMasc

you ignore literally every singke iteration ever of when a WOMAN does the EXACT SAME SHIT.

take sumthing as pedantic as "manspreading" for example. WOMEN do that shit too an jus as often as men on taking up space with legs an their bags. but oh lets jus ignore that so we can vilify men.

welp until 1980 women couldnt serve in british military as soldiers. they had to be nurses or clerks or "computers"

@Sid women dnt go to front lines aside from field artillery an the TWO female cadets(one infantry, one airborne ranger) women still arent allowed in combat mos other than field artillery
@Jiijo this s uber shitty ass rough draft but like u think this would work?

@Soup yea they wont have that but tnh there is a way tp kinda cheat n do that thru illustration style

an tbh women in service r massively underrepresented so having the poster be a woman on it is a really good idea tyvm that helps a bit

@Decorporealized Kaiser firstly
a BABY is a human being
not a clump of cells.

if abortion occurs b4 sufficient development is made, its not a person.

secondly
the health and welfare of the mother shoukd be considered. if the mother can not bring to term the child with out mortal risk/severe injury to mother an or child
junk should be prevented

if the child is result of rape/incest then yee if mother wants abort then abort

ultimately tho its the mithers body an they do what they will, with it 

if abortion is made illegal then guess what? women who "want" abortions resort to eating poison an throwing themselves down flights of stairs ect...

jus cuz sumthin is "illegal" dsnt mean ppl arent capable of doing it anyway

jus that if CAUGHT they are punished.

thing is if you cant actually CATCH the fucks breaking the law then said law is utterly USELESS.
(sufficient development being entry to 2nd trimester btw)

omg
instagram n snapchat prostitutes exist
they make up more than 30% of all adult female accounts on their respective networks

women like belle delphine n junk k

yea MOST women if they do it only do so fer a year er two as only the literally most sexually attractive and those who advert the best an "tease" the best can make a profitable career outa it.

regarding the endless litany of camsites
about 3-5% the WORLDS population with internet access at any given time is camstars. 70%+ of camstars being women. 

3-5% simulstaneously is not that much
however pver the course of LIFETIME

it breaks down to almost 18% the population per 40 year generation having done some cam work at some time

then theres Edating sites
an as proven by "dishonestyproject.org" 60% of the female profiles on adult friend finder aka fling and ashley madison are not even real people

an worse
80% of the REAL people (female accnts) on AM&AFF
are escorts run thru an EXTORTION racket by the website itself an deliberately so.

n these r their numbers on AFF&AM 

watch the docu/read their papers if u wanna.

it dsnt mean simultaneously @Decorporealized Kaiser 

pew research center found that 40% of adults sext for a period of a year or more in their adult sex lives

and that 80% of the females who sext at sum point in their lives do it directly for money or as a means to quid pro quo

aka
they have ppl buy then things er do stuff fer them.

that dsnt mean 40% of all 16-65yo women r sexting RN an that 80% r charging $$$ fer it RN at the same time.

@Decorporealized Kaiser find me 1 ethot that gives away noods for FREE.

between 30-40% of 16-65yo women trade nudes/nsfw media(vids n cams) on social media in developed nations

in poverty stricken pop centers ie Rio in Brazil literally every 1 in 2 women engages in sex trafficking prostitution at sum point in their lives

1 in 3 women sell themselves virtually thru sexting/cams

1 in 10 is far less than 1 in 3  @Decorporealized Kaiser

according to the NASA studies via Murcury 13 vs the Apollo and gemini crews

men kinda either  lose their shit an have like bad trip/panic attack er jus go nuts in iso chambers if left there long enough

while women basically zen out like its the womb an are 100% fine regardless how long they r left in the chambers  @Love⚤Jihad

@Jiijo 98% of women who are married in usa knowingly married a man that made more $$$ than they did.

as result the number of 16-40yos in usa whos EVER married has dropped below 18% fer the all time lowest marriage rate in human history.

hookers er marriage
yall still payin fer it.

yee thats nit true cuz women rape too.

heres a statistic
if only 1 in 10 women REPORT being raped
and according to rape crime REPORTS 1 in 4 women are raped

that would mean 400% of men are literally rapists.

no no no
the genes that "cause" autism are not majoratively patralinial or matralinial

they are a retrograde recessive gene

its a malfunction caused by ancestral DNA not sequencing properly.

67% the population with even split among men vs women are carriers of the recessive gene cluster that can become fucked up an caus asd.

it is guenuinely 50/50 even chance on men vs women passing on n possessing the genes

but its only a 1 in 150 mill odds draw that the genes get fuckd an person ends up with asd

there us thus no medically explainable reason why men get it 86% of the time instead of women

medical accademia chocks this up exclusively to bad luck upon the genetic lottery draw for men.
the extra chromosome is result of human neanderthal genes creating a malfunction causing the extra dna chromosome in severe cases

mild cases may not possess the extra chromo

but yee
n 67% the human pop
carries neanderthal genes

actually a gap that significant on a geneticly passed on disorder that is evenly distributed thru out global pop supposedly

a gap that wide is statistically impossible

so either a or b is true
a) current testing is inadequate to identify mildly autistic women
b) autism is BS an asd is purely made up fer non severe cases specifically to exile an ostracize those in capable of being productive laboring consumers AND is manufactured in populace due to drugs used on mothers while preg, vaccines an giving hard drugs via script to children and INFANTS

@Arson u kno whats dumber? 999 outa 1000 women

still pretend to be single EVEN IF MARRIED jus to say herrooo an get a ride in ferrari jus ta get in "muh rich mans pants" 

an NO ONE does shit bout how fucked up it is that this shit is true. that 999 outa every 1000 women willingly be like

"save me bourgie, be muh sugar daddy"

"democrats r muh ebul end democracy return to tradition"

dude wut jn teh fuk
@Jan Žižka — CEO of Spider Goats no i mean like why do some women put junk like horse testicals in breast implants

shits weird

hey i got a question why do women put things inside their bewb implants these days?

yee welp why dnt u go check out Fort Sill Oklahoma.
highest rate of domestic an sexual abuse of any base in the fucking nation
highest rate of alcoholism in the fucking nation
highest rate of drug avuse in the fucking nation

SF troops soo STUPID theyll continuecto shit in a NON WORKING toilet fer 6 damn hours

ppl so sexist against women in service that they give their fem subordinates PTSD jus from how they issue orders, that is if theybdnt literally rape them first.
then maybe youll understand why i hate "gib muh respekt muh combat mos"
...
hell i was in the only battallion on base(its a field artillery base every other unit was a battery)

an the dumb fuck vets working at the hospital fer 3 fucking years were SOO STUPID they couldnt understand why my ON BASE OFFICIALLY REGISTERED UNIT wasnt a fucking battery.

every time
"what battery you in?"
"im not in a battery im in a BSB"
"we dont have ANY battalions on base what battery are you in?"

every fucking time.

an every 3rd time i went it was the SAME fucking group of doctors an clercs.

oiy i wouldmt say that, i been drinking fer few hours
mostly jus replyin to wut i missed while at work. the sexism of femoids vilifying men fer rape n abuse n claiming no women does such crap is both a lie an femoid sexist supremacy. an coming from a protected class it jus reeks as an extortionate manipulative ploy to corruptly obtain political power and optics points within the public hearts and minds.

@Yugo Nurse @Jiijo im not mgtow er mra
jus stating the FACT that 40% of literal rape+sexual abuse is perpetrated by women as stated by the Victims who DO report the crimes against them. 
and the FACT that despite this nearly 100% of convicted sex offense is men (99.98%) 
this fact does evidentially and obviously dictate that women are largely protected from prosecution. 
and the FACT remains that the assumption of all sexual an domestic abuse as perpetrated by solely men=sexism 
to a criminal degree.

no shit but even so 40% of rape victems got abused by women @Jiijo

no they dnt.
40% of sexual abuse is perpeyrated by women due to victim testimony
99.98% of convicted sex offenders r male

lil less than half of all rapists r women
almost 100% of those tried n convicted are male @Jiijo

first celeb woman tried fer rape ever an shes a male larper? mfw 

when will women who rape be charged fer their crimes?

no underwear is fine fer women but if u has benis u can see everything unless u wearin heavy fabric pants
tho apparently ppl ree over the whole ur nips r showing

should be normal for straight men too
after all straight women lick their fingers clean when jilling out. sure theres no sperm.in female ejaculate but uts still flippin ejaculate

@Jiijo im not into dudes no. b4 anyone rees over terms btfo cuz like yee idk how else to describe mfw
im into
cis women
tomboy ish females
amazonian ish tall n semi muscular women
traps/passable sissys
mtf trans passable
an petite girly guys

one er two maybe every few years. 98.99% of sex offenders are MALE. 

women have sex with teens JUS AS MUCH AS MEN DO @Jiijo

im not
i jus asked WHY ppl as a WORKING CLASS value the product of labor OVER HUMAN LIFE
n fer asking that i got REED at fer 2.5 hours cuz apparently 20% the global population BEING WORKED TO DEATH in MODERN times

is less important than women CHOOSING to sell themselves thru porn.
yee its not really a CHOICE

but then neither is LABOR.

jfc im sooo sick of feminists.

i ask why society allows it so that 97% of labor force related deaths be it cancer from industrial junk or on job deaths 

to be entirely MEN who are the expendable ones

in a channel dubbed "mens rights issues"

not to suggest that women should also die in labor
but to suggest that we REFORM how policy of labor is DONE an WHAT labor actually NEEDS to be done vs not. with the intent of discussing possible solutions to REDUCING labor related deaths an eliminating predatorily extortionate and conflict zone labor

but nooooooo

"you think thats bad WOMEN have it worse with sex trade an porn industry REE REE REE REE"

fer TWO an a HALF hours

fucking strawman pissing contest over fucking womens adversity in the only channel in server designated for discussin MENS RIGHTS ISSUES

n the fact that these cunts utterly IGNORE the fact that up until the 1960s EVERY WOMEN who MARRIED was charged with "servicing their husbands and siring heirs" an those who DIDNT marry an were young or good looking were sold into prostitution.

yee rape is bad n a significant issue still to this day

but
98.99% of women r no longer REPEATEDLY raped thru their ENTIRE lives for "the betterment of MANkind"
but yeeeee
according to feminist women n lbgts

men dying in hard labor enforced upon them thru fiscal an economic predation

ARE EXPENDABLE AN DESERVE TO DIE

an the only thing WE shoukd discuss is how WOMEN r sexually objectifued n repressed thru todays toxic mainstream porno platforms
...
so tldr short Karl Marx was right.

so long as a PROTECTED CLASS exist for women they will always seek to continue the exploitation of the lesser classes thus truly unification of proletariate is nit possible thru female led "progressive" organizations.

fan service aside that is an acceptable reason  @Ladifour
unacceptable reasons would be junk like
over sexualization an bimboification of women
sexualization of youth
excessive gore an over the top needless violence
agenda propaganda for lbgt^ n diversity
toxic culture reinforcement
demanding destruction of tradition

these r unacceptable as WESTERN IRL LIVE ACTION MEDIA DOES THE SAME SHIT

@Jiijo actually said women r more "empathic" thus more in tune with the energies an ability to sense an utilize them than men. women r more intune with nature an magic is natural power/knowledge/insight 

p.simple really

welp tldr short
MPAA has been staffed ny right wing christian conservatives an a few other traditionalist msm religion folks that basically run hollywood. 

so 
theres buncha shit that auto gets you denied on rating that sum of it makes zero sense

ie
no intimate romantic relations between a leading male an a robot/alien. 

no showing leading women in certain lights of dominant, independant or strong 

lots of LBGTQ stuff blocked 

you cant have a trans(until recently) love interest or leading role unless certain exceptions r taken (ie depicting them as sex workers or as larpers/drag queens or basically any role that demeans their entitlement to womanhood)

no lips, nips, pubes or chocolste starfish on nudes

no male phallus portrayed nude or clothed
no showing the act of penetration in sex scenes

no advocacy for genocide
no masturbation(even in a non pornograohic context) 

certain pol views an rel views r a no go
ect...
also no depicting communism in posative light

regarding sex @Decorporealized Kaiser those that have it do^ it like 1x a week er more on the "chads n staceys" that r "most successful" by all of todays metrics of society.

we all want it. we all do it. so why tf does it have to be allequated to this private special act that we can only share with 1 person otherwise we ourselves are horribly degenerate pplz? 

why cant we have hook up lounges/clubs why cant ppl engage in sexwork with out being deemed criminals despite the fact that 25% of women WILLINGLY solicit themselves thru sexting an 35% of men are their customers

n thats jus sexting noods alone.

fuck yall hypocrisy.

@Decorporealized Kaiser watch a AAA hollywood romance move.

now realize only 5% of women are as "attractive" as the sikver screen idol that "represents" them.

due to this manufactured indentification with ARTIFICIAL beauty standards

a persons preference of attraction vs uggo is instilled thrunentireky fabricated an plastic surgery super models to which 95%+ popukation dsnt even compare

@Decorporealized Kaiser did u read anything m8
"One in three adults in this age range live with their parents, making that the most common living arrangement for the cohort. 

then theres this
due to FISCIAL mobility prohibition to avg citizen 30% of adults UP TO AGE 35

are 40yo virgin style INCELS

cuz of ECONOMIC OPRESSION

yet ppl be like WOMEN DNT HAVE SEX FER MONEY

welp then fucks, how come 30% of ADULTS cant get laid SPECIFICALLY cuz they cant afford to move outa parents basement?

FUCK society"

30% r inceled to sexting only in parents basement
<20% r MARRIED

50% remaining HALF are women 

us INCEL rate is SIXTY percent as cited by 
https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2018/12/the-sex-recession/573949/

only 40% of ppl.have SEX AT ALL between 14 an THIRTY FIVE.

n far as femoids ree over dick pics n thirsty online folks

McAfee wrote than 96 percent of people use their phones to take pictures, and 49 percent send or receive sexual content via video, photo, e-mail, or messaging. People also store this provocative correspondence -- 50 percent of adults store sexts and images they receive. While the majority of sexters, 77 percent, send this racy content to their significant others, 16 percent send it to complete strangers.

FUCK YOU BITCH

1 in 2 ppl with a fucking phone SEXT STRANGERS 2x+ a fucking month

an HALF those ppl are WOMEN
an 60% of women doing it CHARGE $$$ FOR IT

One in three adults in this age range live with their parents, making that the most common living arrangement for the cohort. 

then theres this
due to FISCIAL mobility prohibition to avg citizen 30% of adults UP TO AGE 35

are 40yo virgin style INCELS

cuz of ECONOMIC OPRESSION

yet ppl be like WOMEN DNT HAVE SEX FER MONEY

welp then fucks, how come 30% of ADULTS cant get laid SPECIFICALLY cuz they cant afford to move outa parents basement?

FUCK society

an its literally to the point rn that if ur a woman n you cant get a job or find a way to provide fer urself

all you have to do is get knocked up an sue for rape/child support. 

or jus rape/have sex with a man that has money an SUE/prosecute him for rape.

society is literally to the point where its directly encouraging women to violate extort an black mail men AS A MEANS OF LIVING/CAREER. k

this shit is literally that fucking bad right now.

n its very largely due to the SJW platform veing like "muh patriarchy, men deserve it" BS spouted from cherry picking literally rigged stats that utterly ignore more than half of all actual crimes committed.

not saying anyone shouldnt be held to a moral standard

im asking WHY women deliberately ARENT. why are they protected in doing just as bad n violating things as men

n how come we all jus ALLOW the shit to continue? 

45%+ of adult on child sexual assault, abuse an CP production n possession is WOMEN 

yet less than 0.04% of women r ever even punished for literal rape an prostitution of minors.
...
n then worse SJW dialogue goes 999 outa 1000 rapists n sex oredators are male

cuz they r citing the allegation n conviction stats

yet IGNORING the actual purpetration of the crimes
why does THIS exist an how come no one does shit all about it an how come its 100% ignored by everyone in its very existence???

(this)----v

ik an exactly as well

but i mean junk like how doing stuff bout it has jus resulted i  poloce state bullshite that exclusively vilifies an hunts down ALL men thru stereotype an assumption rather than focus of finding the actual guilty ppl an punishing them once guilt is proven.

junk like bit that 35 states made it a FELONY to 3rd party share ANY noods

that sending a D pic to some one can get you 5-25 years in prison even if the woman recieving it ASKED for it but then changed their mind n calls it assault

90% of the laws of "doing junk" about it are either total invasion of privacy thru surveilance or a literal witch hunt against men/anytime u want free black mail opportunity for women to manipulate men

1 in 4 TEENS do that. n yee its not often prosecuted cuz less than 0.001% of it is ever even brought to athorities let alone has action taken by them 

the entire point here of the whole dang rabt is that fer all wahmen reeee bout male mysog n rape n bs 

literally 1 outa TWO ppl in usa by law technicality is literalky a sex offender due to at one point in their life or another either as an asukt or as a teen they WILLFULLY sought child porn an literally half of them are women

@maudd idk 25% of teens 9-16 send noods. thats according to CDC sexual health an psych studies of impact of porn an social media on teen sexual health.

how many keep them an fer how long sure kinda uncertain

but revenge porn sites n shared porn sites r not uncommon heck 4chan 8chan n rest of chans along with most porn boorus 

r literally built in their archives off of ppl keeping n sharing home made porn exploits some for a decade er two at a time on the users.
n like if 1 in 4 teens r doing it

welp sry to burst ur view of society being civilized bubble

but at minimum 40% of adults sext each other noods either via phone er pc
n as well evident
men do ot more than women
but
on flipside women engage in "DIY sex work" of cams an home made porn selling more than men do.

....
sry on uber tldr ree but that cali court case of a RAPE VICTIM being COURT ORDERED to pay child support to the woman who RAPED HIM an thru doing so got pregnant n kept it

that shit jus pissed me off to no fucking end.

n tbh that kinda shit crazy fucking story is sadly NOT UNCOMMON.

i lived on an army base with an army town jus outside of it

women using "promise of free nsa sex" to lure in DoD folks AND their KIDS

junk happens like 2x a WEEK on every other fucking block. the whole "but i git pregnant n im pro life" con job to get free welfare n child support full ride pass PLUS shotgun marriage to ppl with STATE salary an STATE benefits coverage is un fucking real an its a real fucking crime EPIDEMIC of fucking welfare fraud an a literal predatory extortion racket

point is litterally every 3rd adult in the wired digital age world o cellphones n internet

has literal hebephiliac porno of minors. 

cuz thats how much VOLUME of the junk is produced by teens sexting noods out per year. n thats only if 20% of sext recipients r adults.
point being literally every other adult is by direct legal terms 

a child porn possessing sex offender
(60% of adults who have the junk tho

have it or had it from when they were a minor

but its still cp n still illegal
n yet junks still totally uncontrollable n unenforceable 

yet everyone rees at men
n women get a pass on this cuz "muh sex appeal" causes 80% of the junk they get to be "sent to them against their consent"

aka unsolicited d pic spam to women gives em a litteral pass on possession of CP fer sum reason)
the over all point being tho

when men do it its wrong cuz its violating an innocent girl/boy

yet when women do it 99.98% of the time, its cuz the kiddo wanted to be with/F the woman so apparently that makes it ok enough to not pursecute the women in 99 outa 100 cases on the REMOTE chance that the woman is even arrested at all.
but larger point being

women violate teens n kids as much as men do..but because they dont force the kiddo directly, instead they manipulate them or the kiddo is one that comes onto them

its dismissed an utterly ignored as a malignancy on society.

@Crapulinski with usb ports the common problem.is cuz of pressure of jacking in n yanking out

the port becomes physically broken off from.the connection to the circuit board. if the circuit board itself isnt physically broken from this, it is a relatively easy fix (jus re-solder the ports)
....
fer brando post o teh night heres sumthing to consider 
 junks fucked

man rapes a minor---> murder him after hes sent to prison for life an is repeatedly prison raped by fellow inmates AND the guards

woman rapes a minor---> im such a victim i need FEDERAL AID to support me an the kid i fucked to PAY ME fer rest of my life

99.998% of sex offenders that ARE persecuted are MALE
(i personally trolled thru NH, CT, MA,VT, ME sex offender registrys. in entirety of current listing [2019] for ALL states i only found 20 women under FIFTY who were on the list an 3 of em were MTF trans. only 28 women in TOTAL were on the registry for any crime at all an only 14 including all 3 trans were guilty of violating/assaulting a minor an or CP possession/production) [also only 1 of trans was remotely passable, only 6 women including passable trans were UNDER 30, an only 3 were REMOTELY attractive an trans wasnt 1 of em] 

mean while on EVERY STREET in EVERY CITY there us atleast ONE woman known as the "man maker" who sleeps with teenage BOYS who want older women an or are virgins. 

hypocrisy much cuz i think so. 
tldr short
only UGGO women n drug addict women r convicted of sex offense of ANY kind period.

the rest welp society seems to think their actions of sleeping with 8-16yo boys AND girls

is totally fine.

@Jiijo fer example while almost all violent crime is done by men with majority against other men

most not all but most
manipulation an extortion particularly over sex/blackmail

is done by women.

theres reason the ole saying goes
"men are murderers, rapists, wife beaters an theives

while women con, grift an sleep their way to the top"

i haveng sith'd women into bed no  @Decorporealized Kaiser dnt have the time n space to abuse ppl with out getting caught until they become stolkholm obsessed yanderes

n tbh it takes a very specific type of women to do that successfully with an tbh ngl most of such women are below 4/10 as u need one with almost no self worth, nearly no cemented definition of self image(under developed ego) an they need to be socially ostracized with very few options other than the one you offer

not saying rape is "ok" jus that welp "incel culture" isnt really muh incel

its jus the men that women refuse to consent to

if i showed up to work in leggings an uggs boots an a shirt skirt under my work polo ild get fired even tho women can wear that exact outfit
so im stuck wearin bdus an combat boots
shits bs

fugg off
a) reading into shit that isnt there
why? cuz "incel" is exclusively a MODERN thing. 
stupid ppls are appropriating current modernist cultural norms unti a mythical edda of FICTION. 
b) stuff in a movie/show is only a SLICE of the world being viewed fervescapist purposes via entertainment.

its not like it shows every facet of a persons life in that wirld from birth to death. thus the ASSUMPTION that a FICTIONAL character is a virgin involuntarily is beyond utter friggin BS.
you only see a fraction of their life thru the medium. stahp gettin judgenental over shit thats not EVEN IN the story.
ok lemme break this dwn bit further ok

in the real world media has these things called DECENCY laws an MPAA ratings.

if there is SEX in the film it must have a more exclusive rating   thus gets broadcast to a smaller dang audience. 

if junk depicts full on genitals or the act of penetration is visible--> ots rated as EXPLICIT PORNOGRAPHY an thus can NOT be carried by most retailers and WILL NOT box office an would be prohibited from most streaming services.
...
jus cuz ppl.in movie dnt gdt intimate dsnt mean theys friggin incels

means they wanted a FAMILY FILM rating.
...
n approproation of the "bad guys" as "incels" is even MORE retarded as it ONLY legitimizes social ostricization of "unlikeable" people as ebenies of society.

k

ots basically stating that the movie is SJW tier of "genocide the incel to fix society" which ISNT what the movievis about.

far as muh "TOXIC MASCULINITY"

look at REAL LIFE medieval history. k. the society was RUN on TOXIC MASCULINITY

cuz in an ahe before MODERN WEAPONS

the strongest MAN ruled the househokd/city/town an women were LITERALLY property.
...
n back then in REAL LIFE medieval times
the "bad guys" werent incels, they were sex slave traffickers an serial rapist MURDERERS....
hell up until.the VIETNAM n Korean wars
it was still COMMON practice for invading soldiers to RAPE at least 60% of the women in the villages they "liberated/captured"

post scarcity

why do men pay for porn/sex? mainly cuz VERY attractive women are actually pretty rare an VERYattractive women who actually enjoy hardcore n fetish niche sex AND very OFTEN

are even rarer.

take that AWAY by making an abundance of VERY attractive robots/holograms/interactive AIs

an boom no need to pay fer it cuz the uber rare source of production is no longer rare its on anything with a screen an internet connection.

no jus the dumb ones an the supremasist ones
women should be upset about the long history of male oppression n abuse

n we should all put a stop to oppression n abuse

but like shit like
"women need to oppress men"
an
"i only consent for movie stars"

is bullshite n needs to stop.

@Jiijo stats memo wasmt entirely on purpose

i spent 6 months in rehab once tryin to fix my sleep meds

basically every 4 outa 5 women in the place was there cuz sex abuse n rape. n like yea most group therapy sesh' junk was "rape cope+safe sex ed 101"

look 52-56% of women DONT have sex or have it soo few times per year, theres literally more calendar^ holidays than times they get laid.

60% of the HALF of all women who dont have sex or barely have it

is cuz they DONT like sex/want sex. 

the other 40% of the half that dont, is cuz they CANT get any.
the majority reason women who DONT have sex BY CHOICE give

is trauma from abuse/rape. 

so yes 30% +/- 5% cuz margin of error

of women are rape/sex abuse victims.

u do realize according to national sexual health survey of usa in 2010 that only 44.8% of women age 16-65 even HAVE SEX more than 2x every 90 days right? 

sure 45-65 most dnt even have it

but 16-45 its still only 48.6% of women who have it more than 2x per 90 days.

whats this mean?

means 52%-57% of women are NOT sexually active. an DO NOT have sex AT ALL or more than 8x a year.

on 40% of women hate sex
theres 30% of the women who r all rape victims
an the other 10% is prudes, those with littlecor bad sexual experience, an trad feminists that hate sex cuz mysog, patriarchy n muh objectification (aka they hate sexual commodification simply cuz they arent of "favorable asset quality" to game the system for their own profit

aka ugly butch prudes who hate men cuz they cant get any)

um that literally only like 1 in 500k rape victim women become sexual sadists

the amount of women who go thru rape then enjoy it n become predators

is like 0.0005% er sum.insane magical unicorn rarity bs. 

n most of em get caught cuz most of em.turn into accomplices n murder partners of rapists n sadist serial killers

@Arson 30% of adult women hate sex cuz they r rape victims n its traunatic ptsd to have sex

@Arson no dude im talkin bout fact that 

women= if he aint hot im not consenting

but if they r hot ill do a gang bang orgy or wait my turn while a dozen others ride him first

hey howcome like "gay cruising" us a thing an ppl freely post spots to for free hook up with total strangers ect.. ect...

but if you are straight or looking for a woman all you have is "dating SERVICES" "church/club/groups" "tourism trap spots" "places to spend $$" and "escort/prostitution services" ????


tldr short

why is it men freely n openly hook up whether platonically er kinky like er jus raging homo ect... its free but no matter HOW you seek to meet an interact with women it costs $$$?
uber short

whys there no gay cruising equivalent fer straights or jus casual sex (free) involving not only men?

how come women in psychological field dnt REE over how highly praised frued is today?

>be freud
>opium addict
>switches to cocaine
>repeatedly drugs AND sexually abuses his patients AND female secretary
>cheats on his wife with his understudy secretary(mentoree) fer like 6 years in an affair
>leaves his wife for his secretary supposedly(idk if this one was true er jus a rumor he got pretty reclusive in the end with his throat cancer)

but like
dude was a literal mysoginist, used his professional office of power to SLEEP WITH patients an employees in direct violation of oath crap ect...

an made an entire field based solely upon the STATE MANDATING that a person reveal their most intimate desires, weaknesses and scandals

to an institution RUN by THE STATE.

in usa in late 1700s to early 1900s you had "corporate" mining towns

company bought land, then sham did importation of workers 

company owned literally every building, store, home

did a shan scheme of "rent to own" where rent>salary + workers had to get financed by company to be relocated to town if needed

no worker as result would ever own any property in such town.

n as result instead of paying laborers a wage, theyd pay ppl an 90%+ would jus go straight back to company as rent/profits from company owned biz. 

an when mine went bust
company would evict every one then doze the town n resell the land.

now on how household junk worked

if you were a women an didnt work in any the company stores, you were either a housekeep/maid or a whore at the saloon or a school teacher/nun if the town even had a church/school. 

fer a while russia did sumthin similar but wasnt entirely corporately sindicated an aside from household duty roles bein somewhat paralleled idk how that junk worked.
...
but also on women in usa 1700s to 1900s
unless one went to college (when that was finally allowed) or to be a nun

a woman lived with her parents until she was married. if they didnt run away an werent orphans. 

n after marriage shed be with her husband almost 100% of time n go where he went far as moving. exception being sailors an army in which case theyd be stationed in a home at port of call/nearest garrison town. 

like for most part only adult women who were single/independant household types
were widows, orphans raised by state/church care, run aways/fugatives/outlaws, an those in sex work.
...
also at that time in company towns

each town had its own bank with uts own currency. said currency could be exchanged for gold/silver but ONLY in that town as said currency was useless outside said town.

made it so basically workers could nvr leave till the mine went bust. n when that happened theyd be thrown out with nothing.

women working in coal mining was almost strictly a uk fuckery thing. n those women were the protestants. catholic women were all "muh society" bs cucked to only doin effeminate gender role crap hence suffrigette happened.

in  usa women unless they were farmers didnt work. in germany women only worked house, farm, clerk jobs, retail, sewing. 
n was like that thru most of europe.

in asia women were forbidden from labor. 
in russia idk

ur missin point this isnt in refference to todays women he wrote it between 1840 n 1870. this was back when suffrigette er w/e still wouldnt happen fer another 20-40 years er sumthin. 

were women treated as property? sure. junks still wrong yea. but women at time unlike men;
not required to labor
marry into wealth
those who did sex work, call it what you will, getting paid to lay in bed all day isnt hard labor fuck off. yee sex slavery is horroble but its not being physically worked to death thru starvation n malnutrition.
you were forbidden from striking a woman as DUELING for 'a womans honor' was still a thing

ect...
protected class

@Name: Namelesssource is a book written by marx in how marx states there will NEVER be a TRUE femine revolution as revolution comes through suffering under adversity of opression an so long as women are a protected class they will never oppose the status quo but shall only serve to expand it.

n how come ots "ok" fer women to "manspread" hmm? u seriously need a better perfect unironic analogy as to why females are a ^PROTECTED sex class as KARL MARX himself stated?

@Jiijo omg WHY is "manspreading" still a REEE thing? 
like why?
esp since WOMEN do it too.

a) monogamy is stupid af n creates more problems than it fuggin solves (aka every crime of passion EVER+domestic abuse an oh yea everyones favorite hippity hoppity women are sex slave property traded from fathers to husbands) 
b) if ur partner does not CONSENT to you sleeping around then either DUMP/DIVORCE them or DONT fucking DO IT.

this incel phobia shit is such fuggin bs. women jus hate incels cuz they cant control them thru sex an the with holding of it.

welp thing about sex is u can have it many times with many ppl.

yes over 40% of women over 40 have been raped at least once in their lives. some repeatedly. junk does happen.
n also mind the fact that only 20% of women continue to be sexually active after age 40.

wanna know why 99.98% of crime happens?
unedicated ppls+poverty
period.

wanna kno why certain ppl are total assholes? cuz they poor or they has a power complex n get a kick outa it 

wanna kno why 99% of men do rape? cuz legally you have to PENETRATE to BE a rapist. 

n women have no THING to penetrate ppl with. dsnt mean they dnt sexually abuse ppl too.

welp like think bout it fer a dang minute.

ppl in poverty like homeless n shiet. aside from the very small % that are attractive enough to have sex fer money to get by

most dnt n cant have sex.

now lower middle class
if u work 2x 40 hourcjobs at min wage ur makin 28-36k$ a year but you literally only have time to eat, shower, commute n sleep. 

if u have no car
literally go ask any guy with no car how their dating life is er sum junk. almost all of em will tell you that they cant even get ladies numbers/a call back 

n also look at marriage. why do women refuse to marry a man what makes less $ than they do?

tldr short
46.4% of females age 16-65 dnt have sex n arent married

mean while 41% of males on same thing.

now sure some arent healthy n some have legic clinical behavioral issues er physical handicaps preventing them either by consent or physical health from havin sex. but this is less than 15% of each gender of incels.

aka
35% of males
40% of females
ages 16-65
are incel.

n youll note tgeres more women who dnt than men
@Soup explained by this--^
@Soup 80% of the 50%ish who dnt have sex are not married

like keep in mind rn that only 26% of 16-40yos have EVER married even ONCE. 

n since only 1% is gay marriage welp thats a pretty even 50/50 split on women n men.

sure many date n hook up
but fer every 2 male incels outvthere theres least 1 femcel

meh i still think its buncha bs tbh. 
cuz incel women like they ARE mad for the RIGHT reason, n that being that since they have no sex appeal n often no social appeal, they are upset that society oppresses them by deeming them of little to no value because of it.

like to a point that is a very good point. its pretty f'd up that only rich er good looking ppl that socialize well n are popular succed. n its extremely shallow n discrimination to judge ppl based exclusively on looks n demeanor alone.

but like are they actually mad fer that reason er are they really jus upset that they cant have the sex that they want to?

cuz tbh in dozen of these types of ladies ive met like both paradigms seem to exist in lil less than half of em.

its like 60% are upset exclusively fer the oppression

but like 40% are jus pissed off that no ones into their kinky junk n they want not jus to have that junk but litterally to harm those who took the opportunity from them (the better looking women that cuck them out to 5th wheel)

women can better attune "energies of the universe" er w/e u wanna call it than men

cuz unlike men they arent soo finely focused on the present n the material exclusively an women are both more empathic and fuck whats the word idk lost it but sumthin else not open but like idk

anyway cuz women arent focused exclusivemy on material they have better connection to the metaphysical. 

but that dsnt mean this is the case for ALL women vs ALL men

is all im sayin

im jus sayin while women have that more often than men, men on occassion do have it to.

not jus intuition alone but psychic energies as well.
n on my own psychic energies bs

welp ive had experiences of my own with "coporeal" beings w/e u wanna call em. angels, spirits, deamons, aliens idk

i jus kno ive seen entities that werent mortally bound to this realm. i didnt call or scry or invoke them they jus showed up an discussed junk with me. yee i was high af on barbituates n junk 

but like sure while i cant remember the thing fully like i kno wasnt jus an hallucination cuz like the junk they discussed with me wasnt some stuff that i knew or a reflection of my junk thru dussassiciation

n like yea they knew stuff, stuff that kater actually happened an predicting that it woulda hapoened likevthat wasnt possible fer me alone or others around me so like yee junk was legit n real.

look ok i am a white male
i do not wish to sleep with black male or women or trans er w/e 

junks not cuz "muh racism" junks cuz im not physically or sexually attracted to them. which btw is something i have absolutely no conscious control over. sexual attraction is purely subconscious an biologically preprogrammed. 

this dsnt mean i believe interracial relationships are bad or cant/shouldnt happen, this dsnt mean i wont support ppl in interracial relationships, it just means in some regards i do not personally wish to have one for the most part. which is my choice an us based on the fact i for most part have no attraction to them. there are certain exceptions but they are literally 1 in a million tier on rarity so arent worth mentioning.

i dnt like bara or yaoi but yee i like futa+otokonoko @Luoda

but also i have already posted some o my collection in junk altar n the futa one

n yee. back then i liked futa cuz watchin a woman fuck a woman was more "satsifying" to me than watching sum buff or gross dude or sum boy fuck a woman.

@Luoda futa, yandere, exhibitionism, watersports, vanilla, uncensored, slimegirls, vocaloid, solo, masturbation, otokonoko, crossdress

not bear bara men
twinks, traos sissys, n futas

its not gay if it looks like a woman HH rule no 6
futas n traps is hetero
while it does grasp ppl can be lesbian or gay it dsbt seem to be able to understand Trans/traps/futa exist.

if u say a character has a dick it assumes male identity. ect...

an theres other limitations n issues but mkst can be worked around
@Soup lmfao

mfw guys. im non binary anarchist..yee i want the body of a futa but tbh that shit prolly aint gonna happen anytime soon. which is shame tbh. if i had such a body i could get soo damn rich soo damn quick. but noooo. 

im perfectly content jus gettin myself a car an goin off grid in a camper, building cabins an livin outa those sellin music n art to eek out a living. an maybe someday ill have enough $$ to build the dang robots i want. n once that works if im still under fifty maybe ill be able to sell the designs an be able to pay fer that damn surgeries but who knows.

i said ima bee the futa kinda one.

keep the D. no Puss tho cuz yee they cant get that shit right either

look its long lomg story goes back to me being literally 12
but ive wanted to be a trans exhibitionist kinky porn star since like kong time an since 16 ive wanted like to be a sub in like "futa" 3 ways n shiet k.

like i have sky high libido, an am literalky exhibitionist to point that 90% of why ive ERPd since age 12 is that i get off on others gettimg off to me

sure this junk aint exactly "effeminate" but like a) i want to BE the futa an b) being a porstar slut doin hardcore porn on the submissive switch end

sure as hell aint masculine

n sex n porn n shiet is not 90% of tge effeminate junk i do/am/am into.

vanilla wise stuff like
art, photography, clothing design, arts n crafts, sewing n tailoring

not only is it more intellectual n feminine fields but
the style that i am that ive been forced to hide ect...

is mix of gothic an "magical girl" p much n p spot on. with a touch of gamer techno shiet n junk.
now make no mistake im no draq queen queer bs nooo.

i want to LIVE as a futa cumslut. not PRENTEND to be one fer juxtaposition entertainment.

ill do some research this weekend maybe but like meh

i gotta wait till i move out n junk so even if i do start doin this lookin like waitin til.least october to start makin it. 
unironically tho tge idea had occured to me to sell products made with pee/cum then catfish the source kinda ie---> call it futa junk er sumthin

but thd whole mail issue of selling biological materials is still kinda a deal u gotta work with er around. 

in some regards its quasi prohibited due to sanitation an in others like its actually classified as "petite human trafficking" cuz ur sellin ppls fluids

futas, typically has over massive tits

its p bad like mostly traps but drawn in a weird combo of western n anime style vs proportions
n yee its basically shota/loli junk but literally very gay

not all they works is shota/loli they do normal ish futa junk too but most stuff is the "barely legal" to "omg is that sirens i hear" zone

brony wholesome, um pornhubs futa ponys kinda beg to differ. fer every brony theres 2 cloppers

femdom is harder to find yes but its not that rare. most yandere n tsundere* is femdom, some netorare is femdom, tons of futa is femdom, most shota is femdom but thats kinda too far into taboo land...

most mindbreak is male dom but therevare some femdom ones, yuri usually features least 1 tomboy/femdom character

@Ladifour i posted teh futa poisons here cuz poison is teh trad "femdom" archetype n only  few were futa. ill be postin my 200+ futa images in futa later over teh weekend

@Jiijo welp to fix issue of ppl not being able to find love we need to provide ppl with mobility an independance (give them ways to live on their own an have mobility needed to connect with those they seek)

far as fixing societies predatory, hypocritical ignorant bs attitude idfk
@Decorporealized Kaiser i can GET a date. omg not damned incel. i aint no 35yo VIRGIN. i DONT date cuz with NO CAR an NO MONEY society says the ONLY ppl i CAN date are druggies, prostitutes, an autistic rejects of society.

cuz ppl WITH OPTIONS an STANDARDS thanx to SOCIETYS status quo are ONLY INTERESTED in GOLD DIGGING.

also b4 anyone even asks YES a feminist support group invented term incel n tried to classify it as a gender

so wait

how come men arent reein over women fer bein the oppositecof mysog when they use term incel?
n my entire basis of this debate

was to ask why most fem incels 
arent called that
but are of the fem groups an almost exclusively make up the entire pop of 
terfs
rad fems against sex
and fems against sex
n why these women arent called incels even tho they r

aside from nutters n pervs

are there aby rich incels?  @Jiijonot movin goal post jus didnt think i had to clarify the clinically INSANE dnt fuggin count. cuz i spent like 20 min doin the dang math to discount that demo from the "incel adults of society"

why?
cuz if u cant legally condent then you cant legally have SEX

i understand the premise of that reason but what im tryin to say is that in half of all cases that reason is literally irrelivant n thats why its bs

what im trying to get at here is what is the real reason thats causing it.

n tbh imo i believe that reason to be purely CLASS based. that majority of incels are either IN POVERTY or they work too long/have no mobility/transportation/time to have sex cuz they r too strapped with hours of working an lack the money to engage in social activities (ie dating)
n also if u has no car welp good luck getting laid if ur not a woman

why do "muh incels" rape n do "crime"

mostly cuz society ostracizes them from accessing n doing anything cuz they r either too ugo, too poor or too much of a shitlord 

no class system= no rich no poor errbody is same, no gold diggers no sugar mommas no suga daddy pimps no pay pigs ect...
no state enforcement means if u be a shit lord you get your ass merkd fer being a prick
far as ugo, in a society with no monetary fiscal class system LOOKS dnt matter cuz nobodys a shallow greedy cunt.

lemme break dwn joker meme Lucious Fox played by Morgan Freeman style

society: "we gonna exile n ostracize gamers"

lucious fox: "so let me get this straight, you believe that "incels" are psychopathic mass murderers because due to their "total" lack of "irl friends" all they do is play video games which really are just "murder simulators" to the tune of 41 kills in 5 minutes, an your plan is to take away the ONE social attraction they were looking forward to?

good luck with that."

on why ppl ree over joker movie tho
the aurora shooting when dark knight came out (heath ledger joker) is why they ree bout incel shootings

oiy not an incel ive had sex, can get it any time i want. i jus dnt particularly feel SAFE having sex with strangers in  the HIGHEST drug addict per capita state in usa. 

why? cuz stds exist.

why legalize public sex? welp gee idk maybe cuz EVERYONE does it any way. when dum dude has sex at work hes called a chad, when sum chick does it shes an amatuer porn star, when teens do it while "parking" or at "movies" its called dating, when students do it in the school bathrooms its called delinquency due to pueberty, when ppl do it on the phone in public (with no act irl jus talking) its called spicing up the relationship, when teens sext its called e-dating/ entrepuenrurial, when ppl send nudes at the bars its called "playin the field", when couples donit sunbaithing at the beach or on a cruise its called a honeymoon, when gay men do it in public shady locales its called "cruisin", when les do it in public its called "girls night out" ect...

unless you ALL WANNA GO TO PRISON stop sendin ugos n incels to prison based on hypocracy.

n yes to incel an individual is a hate crine as its denying the persons rights to a necessary biological function.

omg guys im not incel er in need of help in sexual tension release n thats not what this is about.

far as sexual hormonal urges go
we have urges so that we engage in sexual activity. sexual activity causes rekease of oxytocin n serotonin in the brain.

if you DO NOT get the oxytocin n serotonin dopamine release you BECOME NEUROTIC either in form of depression or mania or combination of both. 

this is true for 100% of all humans with a normally functioning brain btw.

on rape sure theres few who do it fer sadist style dominance but those ppl r exceptionally rare. in literally 90% of sex offense rape cases its done for compulsory need to have sex an fact that the "rapist" does not have a willing sex partner or us not sexually satisfied by their willing sex partner(s).
long story very short aside from the psychotic sadists whondo it as crime of passion which again r very rare, its almost entirely about the fact that ppl who do not lead healthy active sex lives get a severe case of sexual addiction caused by sexual frustration from being denied the ability to have a sex life. 

long story very short
because society refuses to have sex with jus under HALF the population, the involuntarily celibate n the unsatisfied get extreme build up of sexual frustration tension. n jus under half of these incels n unsatisfied ppls fail to find a HEALTHY n SAFE outlet for the frustration n thus turn to jus taking what they want as a solution.

@Yugo Nurse jus sayin im not reactionary, im revolutionary. its kinda the opposite. 

porn is prostitution. prostitution SHOULD be a normal legal job. why? cuz its IMPOSSIBLE to enforce as criminal. to do so is both a waste and locks up ppl who cant get relationships due to work n time or bein incels.

incel=involuntarily celebate

yea its ONLY related to sex and OTHER PPLS refusal to lay with you in bed. n jus fyi im not a virgin n not incel. i havent had sex in 7 years with person cuz i wanted to try life as a vulcan. n tbh it allowed me soooo much free time to study n improve myself.

@Advent look society is wack AF. women say they want honesty above all else yet as social media proves 100% the more you learn bout a person the more disgusted you become by said person. only question is how long it takes or how locked up they keep their "bad habbits".

society says "jus be yourself" yet if your true unique identity is not part of "acceptable" culture you get isolated worse than a leper. 

38% of people in society are "incels" purely due to social optics bullshite. 

its straight up majority gang exclusion democracy an THAT is directly called mob mentality opression.

incels exist im not defending them im jus sayin they need no defense..incels dud nothing wrong. they are incel cyz society excluded them. thats societys fault not incels  @Advent

@Luoda with muhself mfw. watchin it on me phone what u think? i got a crazy live aidience watchin the quarter sized picture in picture vid feed on my phone screen?


if it is defined as obscinity
(any full exposed sex act)
with no plot story or meaningful content

it is defined in 48 states as prostitution to commercially produce such material in the first hand. 

seccond habd production/distrobution is allowed. aka u can buy porn mags at the store ect...

i read the law sry its not in that one. i have to re look it up

but yes by law production of explicit media with out a filming oermit as per the nov 1 1990 law cited in paragraph 1 of ar 2257 is considered prostitution

an yes there are studios that ignore the law an produce porn illegally. n on OCCASION ppl like Liz Vicious outa florida on porn stars get ARRESTED an fined for prostitution an other junk because in part due to this.

did u kno the whole bang bros bs of the bang bus picking up girls n fucking them for money 
much less doing it ON the highway/in a parking lot

or doing so in ANY public place

is 100% illegal 

yet golly gee willikers batman

40% of porn on internet is filmed that way.

they made it illegal in 1917 to produce porn outside of cali

an in cali hollywood was run by jewish media. this includes almost all porn.

oh an heres another factoid
its only LEGAL to film porn in usa within cali or NH.

an 99.999998% of the industry
doesnt film here.

96% films in cali
rest films illegally.

no i dnt like any ebony porn. but i do fap to a decent bit of white an asian variety

not that it matters
skeletal anatomy has very little to do with porn

so enabling an encouragong global international wire fraud+ being the worlds largest child porn market

is being lezziez faire ayn randian free market?  @Jiijo

like u kno how blizzard pulls fan made sfm overaatch porn off of porn hub?

any anime/manga co can do same thing to any doujin circle

w/e dude i didnt come here to be like getting reee @ for learn 2 code fer 6 fucking damn hours

came here to discuss how the stupid virtual simthot be automating porn an dashing a blow to cappyism thru automation

n how projekt melody is literally the crappiest 3d software aside from literally quake engine fer making such a sim

that any idiot can make better even if they do it 2.5d on hand drawn animation using techniques from MUGEN's queen of fighters

but noooooo

oh look guys he cant count ree at him fer 6 hours ree ree ree ree

n yall wonder why leftists nvr get shit done organizationally

@Name: Nameless why does literally every 3rd hentai 3D junk these days do the whole blacked thing? like not sayin interracial is too taboo er nuffin but statistically less than 4% of couples on EARTH r interracial in pairing. its literally a very friggin "niche" thing. so like why's 40-60% of animated porn do it?
what im sayin is there is a such thing as over representation

@Jiijo not much porn is kino. ur p much stuch with softcore n solo junk there

wut? man its illegal to sell sperm thru mail. technically also illegal on piss an blood but idk wut deal is. 

far as sellin muh loads yee no cant do that rn an besides dnt think i wanna do that. sum stalker will prolly inseminate themselves er sum shiet. @Jiijo

@Jiijo im not an incel. i simply choose not to sleep with trashy women an whores.

@Ladifour i cup idk. i want H cup cuz i dnt wanna look top heavy. i want my ass thicc to match somewhat my tits thicc

@Luoda does the IMF control all global economic policy thus directly determining the chain of events upon every government in the world and every socially organized structure in the world thru a combination of social engineering an denial/granting of access to vitally needed resource reserves whiles directing where EVERY byproduct of global mass production is distributed to?
yall need to wake tf up man

got my pc space freed up a bit on 4/20 n junk moved most my hentai to usb

@Jiijo idk. ill try work on it sunday n monday n junk but like on sun i gotta bike 24 fucking miles

an more importantly
so when im out inna woods in muh camper/cabin wit no reception
i still has fap stuff.
an also
mangas n doujins r like pain in the fucking ass man. nhentai n junk r organized very poorly n everythings got bagillion tags. finding same books again is kinda rare

@r i n n e r sry went to bed n junk last night. i didnt get deployed to combat no. got sent stateside
kinda mad
tried to use muh old ass ancient printer today but it didnt work out. why r combo printers such shit? 
wireless on it wouldnt connect right n i dnt have any usb 1.0 cords to go with it. not that matters couldnt get paper to feed thru it propperly anyway. least i still got a scanner. other than that junks paperweight now.

but yee there was futa n watersports n incest n tentacle junk

i believe in existence of spiritual n metaohysical connection junk

jus not god n that junk

to point on communism n socialism n junk
n social distancing=communism

b4 covid19 usa didnt have BREAD LINES at the GROCERY STORE to buy TOILET PAPER

like gee idk a certain 1970^s ronald reagan psyop propaganda meme claiming

"unlike in USSR we dont have block long lines jus to get toilet paper"

no no no m8  @Jiijo if ur ambulatory they only bring food into a buzzed in airlock room outside ur room. then they call u n tell u its there. unless ur like too sick to get outa bed n need cathider n junk

like u dnt see ppl while ur in the hospital at all unless u need a shot/revival.

even if they sperg leveled up by killin mobs n junk they cant survive 5 vs 1 jus org the team u got an rush em with all ur abilities

@Jan Žižka — CEO of Spider Goats ik its all muh gods plan n junk

but if one those nurses is a judas that would be bad corona wise

welp like its weird. state sure course not.

but i mean MSRP price wise
from 17 to 25 i spent 28k$ on thinkgeek(mostly buying clothing n other ppls christmas presents, retained bout 18k of junk myself still have 7k of it) 

have between 5 n 8k$ in pokemon cards
between 1200 n 2400 in funko junk
a 2000+ point warhammer 40k tau army worth bout 3-5k 

another 12k in clothing 
my army basic issue of 8k in gear n uniforms
ps3 an what i spent bout equates to 5k in games

psp with another 1200 in games n gear for it i spent including msrp of psp

another 7k in duluth n sportsmans guide gear n tools n knives n junk

an art kit i got at college which was bout equiv of 7k$ paid for with my student loans plus another 3k in pencils n art consumable supplies i bought since

an then like 5k$ in books

personal property being assets n junk yee i see what u mean now

@Hyperion im not mad at  @server doc octave n yee no hard feels n junk

jus bit flustered that when ev i be like "oiy dis be dat" all muh PROFESSIONALES be like

thats not directly copypasta from text book in text book terms so its wrongo

in manch NH
cuz fent epidemic
there was like 100 ODs a week an between half an 60% resulted in total heart stoppage level OD.

n thing is
of the 100 ODs a week, like 70% of them were the same PATIENTS. thats a PROBLEM

nh drug junkies be like

Ohh i OD'd on monday n got outa ER on Wednesday its friday so time to go get high again woo hoo.

u think we dnt have drug info junk in the army? the same army where in 2007 bout 40% of officers abused fucking cocaine an amphetamines? 

yea i prolly dnt kno as much as u m8 i dnt deal with this junk every day

but
we did need to kno how to treat overdoses n junk since there was basically a 1 in 2 chance any OFFICER coulda had one.

thats jus fear of the unknown its mild paranoia literally an when alone in uneased settings u get that feeling cuz its a biologically baser pre programed self defense mechanism. humans are evolved from predatory mammals who were also not the top of the food chain an hunted by bears n lions ect... 
junks a DNA encoded kind of 6th sense that tells you to be alert of ur surroundings n to expect the worst around the corner. cuz in past those who didnt, got eaten/died. 

tbf all u can really do is find a distraction an jus use that to help u ignore it as best u can

any who that is all i must now go shower an call into work to see if theyll let me come an work today now that i am no longer ill
cuz covid 19 BULLSHITE tho
it may require 24 hours to TWO WEEKS post illness b4 theyll LET me go back to work

FUCK YOU panicing bastards
i NEED fucking paychecks an DO NOT have covid19

i jus had nausea an digestion problems triggering my ibs by eating high fatty food with dairy an having some crisps on the side with a few rum n cokes causing severe acid reflux an vomiting n junk

fuck u bastards for ruining avg normalcy of everyday lives jus so you can "feel safe" when YOU in NO WAY ever are despite ur fucking ludacris precautions

@Yugo Nurse i was a propper jedi once i has the junk n stuff
book of the jedi code

welp i gtg shower n ready fer work n junk mfw

@server doc octave i was talking bout occult stuff

particularly the extra dimensional aliens n junk

an what bits n peices i remember from a past life with one and as one on mars if such a thing was ever really even real

sure n i get that from the whole DMT Spitit molecule n auyahuasca n mushroom cult junk

but like idk i wasnt taken to sum weird shit it was in my barracks room n we sat n talked bout junk like one would do normally with people

i didnt summon er request junk she came to me, its very long story n i barely even have peices of it tbh so idk n dnt wish to speculate but like yea.

far as cant recall image

i do recall an image but its less of an image an more of an impression

she wasnt no grey er nothing weird she was mostly humanoid ish. some differences

more like a #creepy pasta elven witch

than anything alien

but yea

we talked about our past lives an junk. one reasons i suspect this was an actual encounter an not jus me tripping face

was the specifics to which we talked about things, glimpses of past lives i remember from when i was a teenager thru dreams and nightmares. 

an the fact that she knew things an answered questions i did not possess the knowledge to even on a subconscious level. like i was legit talking to another being not sum weird ass manifestation of my subcobscious   @Jan Žižka — CEO of Spider Goats
on compulsion like that no

but at the time i was an did practice the whole remote viewing nonsense while on those an similar drugs

jus to see if i could do it. which to some degree i did succeed at

no argh its too tldr  @Jiijo
disney n most fiction junk implanted REAL mythology in most their stories. not jus mainstrean junk like tree of life, kaballah an nordic gods

but like REAL occult shit too

tho tbh this is mainly due to fact that rathervthab write original content they always revert back to retelling thousands of years old tales in modern format. cuz it takes way less time to write n publish n due to widespread belief an historical following

the junk sells better  @Jiijo

i lived by the boyscout, bushido an jedi code from litally age 9 to 17-23 n junk geeze

i stopped because of the tldr junk

peace is a lie

because no one wants or even attempts to create peace in the GLOBAL scale, they prefer profits and an obident and controllable populace instead

@PhanUU

point is all those red no fly zones of human habitation n contact

junks already owned by govt either as state park, road, rail or is a river/lake. 

p much all agenda 21 is saying is that humans will basically be forbidden from going to them or using state n federal an or natural travelways thru the nation

that states gonna go full police state lockdown an you wont be able to leave metro er rural areas at all. an travel thru out nation will be mostly totally restricted

while sure this could happen its like extremely doubtfull cuz like dude itd be horribly bad in many many ways. like direct slavery of entire populace with soldiers patrolling every street bad.

jackin it improves immunity system, nicotine reduces it. its a blood thiner, it reduces white cell count n junk. 

u wanna chomp down vit C, like in fruits n junk, an take potassium if u can, and probiotics.

unironically if u want maxiumun immuno boost, you want a probiotic enema an some sopositories. along with epsom salt and mineral baths

i learned movelists n junk played pvp irl vs plenty of ppl. i dnt mash no.

n yes taki literally has an areal burst move that throws enemy up to which u can do a ninja misty flip into them an the use that as a grapple to juggle an stuff to the equivilant that johnny does is round 2 of that GGX fight with the 6 an 9 hit combo juggling  @Mooncake
tried findin yt footage of it but no that junk fails at finding shit. all i got were movelists an special flaunts not teq usage

idk which tekken it was so like finding vid of what i mean is gonna be impossible  so idk on tekken

but the POINT
on capcom vs marvel games is that the games functional design for how moves r structured at the base level is the same base set of game rules

where as tekken, an soul calibur have different sets of rules

idk shit on tekken n mortal combat cuz i sucked at those n barely played them same fer virtua fighter

but like unlike the marvel n capcom junk soul calibur bases its styling upon a more complex derivative of rock paper scizzors

horizontal attacks
vertical attacks
8 way run
guard, guard break, grapple

vert beats horz, horz beats 8 way, 8 way beats vert
ect...

my gawd can corono spergs not do math or what?

cdc n junk claim exponential growth rate of 14% per 100 infected
if that were TRUE nearly 4 million would be infected by now.

oddly enough tho

omg no dude 
its not jus body shiet its 

fuggin christ man idk how tf to explain k

the entire "muh chaddom manhood shiet" k i DNT act like that, i dnt even like that shit. like mfw idk how even explain, i do not act like a chad i act like a stacey

n muh whole life tards be like "why u such a pussy shiet not like foot ball not do man shit ogga booga hurr durr neanderthal speak"

n yee part of it is that intellectuals n introverts get shat on fer bein effeminate role crap but its more than that

i empathize on levels that like literally 99999 outa 100k men do not. i see things from a different perspective thats been different from 99.9998% of every man ive ever met an in the army i met them by the 10ks ok....

like on the "fit in" / "find ppl who think on the sane wavelength" 99.99998% of time its women an lbgt+ ppl an junk...

n idk how tf to explain it better than this cuz societys too damned cucked to "muh physical appearance" bs an stirnerite spooks of "muh sicial conventions"@Jiijo no. cuz if i can make 1 i can make more.

n junk bein better than anything on market, far as autonimity goes

i can sell it 

then use that money not jus to trans

but to build an army of robots. n then each robot can have they own jobs n make they own money n boom we get acrich ass coop comune

@Brigadeiro regardin mk ultra i was on class 3 narcs fer almost 2 years so idk
cuz like when i was on ambien fer lil over a year i wasnt sleeping on it an i had some crazy ass "dreams" that im not quite sure were dreams

but its really Fd up cuz i can only hakf remember them n junk n it was sum honestly weird ass fucked up shiet.

@Jiijoidk wtf this guys talkin bout. ive studied mk ultra n junk n its literally 0 what they talkin bout.
phase/series 1 was harvard n university opt in experiments
phase/series 2 was a mostly covered by the docu series "wormwood" an involved the creation of the CIA manual of trickery and deception utilized to drug an experiment upon unknowing civilians and to assassinate govt objectors and manufacture incidents deliberately adhering to agendas of the CIA
phase/series 3 was project monarch the programming an long term experimentation upon actors, actresses an prominent figures starting in their youth often involving manipulation thru sexual abuse an torture
phase/series 4 was the alien abduction phenomenon where cia ppl drugged than abducted ppls an ran tests on them making the victim think it was aliens then hypnotically and pharmicuetically removing their memories of the event with followup thru Psychologists to try an trigger memory recovery thru hypnotic regression this was done partly to en masse experiment on population an to see if CIAs memory blocking techniques were adequate to surpress an incident in a target with the goal of secretly abducting n programming sleeper agents

then the project ended.

idk where er how ima upload the vids n manga tho. ik i can jys upload to like xnxx er what ev on vids but like on manga wheres one put that junk? n dnt say muh patreon. yee ill get one eventually but like patreon literally dsnt work right on my mobile internet.
@Decorporealized Kaiser wut u mean?

@Jiijo ik theres ways to do it ie vpn n junk to keep you anon but still. i can get more media than i can consume via open DLs or p2p thru anon channels that i honestly dnt need to sign up fer junk via reg. 

n like im way past the point of having any desire tobsee junk as it immediately releases. i has time i can wait.

any way kinda uber pissed bout today cuz bro was like
"surprize inspection; what are we doin in june fer moving on your plans"
as he does with his "oh i nade you rethink ur whole life plan with no warning n no time so what are your new plans"

which tldr short is basically him going "ree ur ideas suck muh bootstraps go get a 40hour week job"

i told him ima call VA tomorrow an get my VA gauranteed federal career job olacement bs goin +/- VA benefits n FED benefits fer housing junk.

thing is i can only call to set up an apointment fer this shit need to wait whole month fer damn appointment an wont kno jack shit till after appointment.

but what erks me off the fucking most is
like
i was NEET fer 7 years an some change

i have no real job exp er refs er resume fer past 10 damn years

so durrin 2019 july-october when i was job serchin literally NO ONE would hire me in local area only 3 places i didnt check was UPS, USPS,  an like 1 other one. 

cuz no refs, no exp

n also btw I CANT WORK 40 HOURS ER MORE per damn week. literally incapable of maintaining sleep schedule while doin that cuz stress n chores n junk. 

n like thing he ignores an is like a dick about is
"you need to stop dicking round an get a REAL job"
real in his mind=40 hours + per week

like a) i literally cant work that much cuz i get sleep dep an literally drive myself batshit insane
an like b) even if i COULD work it NO ONE would hire me cuz no exp an no refs an no resume credential shit thats recent.

so like this accordin to my bro "bullshite job" at liquor store like i NEED this shit cuz 1) work exp, references, resume padding
2) until i get VA/FED guaranteed work placement this is the literally only jobber in city i could get
...
then the fucks like
OH YOU COUKD WORK AT 
lowes
home depot
walmart
shaws
ect...

its like LISTEN U DUMB FUCK
a) none those places higher ENTRY LEVEL CLERK/STOCKER at FULL TIME HOURS
b) they ALL pay same shit as JOB I HAVE RN

no no no
i said cum has sex hormones n pharanones n junk that attracts ladies. cuz it does.

n one reasons the chick from rehab was crazy fer me was cuz i was eating n coomin muh pants

they never got supplied with munitions?
usually such places had like artillery n shells tho
most o it got removed but like yee
ill look into the bases i guess but yee any how of i were to seek anarcho/off grid/squatter support fer such a venture tho

like would i even be anke to find a crew n junk out there?

@Ectoplasm_ same time tho eventually i do wanna island hop thru south pacific so might go to cali to launch from there due to massive coastline possibilities.

you kno of any place in cali on the coast we could turn into like an anarco pirate fort/port? like slab city but with a harbor

in mid o nowhere with no touristy beaches n junk

i gotta go thru my junk tbh n reprep n pack it to be ready fer movin n junk. right now shits kinda a mess on how its stored. but same time like i got soo much damned gear its hard to figure out hiw to pack it all up. 

an worse like i need the smow to melt asap so i can sell all my non essential collectible shiet.

yee ik an tbh this bs is entirely why i still dnt have a drivers license.

but yee they r right they can detain you fer up to 48 hours with no charge while they look into shit to charge you with

if you give them your name n junk.

if they invoke the patriot act tho they can detain you fer 72 hours on us soil an or indefinitely on a black site/move you to a black site within the 72 hour period.

to do this tho they need to demonstrate probanle cause of you being a threat to national security
unfortunately shitposting on social media in threatening way is literally the minimal grade of nat security threat they need to detain you on.
far as if a cop comes to your door. if you must engage

step outside n close the door
this way the cop may not enter your home unless you invite/consent to search. 
be polite
dnt have an unlicensed weapon or illegal paraphenalia
dnt put ur hands in pockets er across ur chest
dnt fidget
dnt move around
dnt waive ur hands around body language wise
only answer a question if its direct and if you have to.


